# Chapter 1: The Wedding Crasher
---

There he was. Herobrine. He had returned as if he were putting on a show, which was grabbing the attention of multiple fearing civilians. This time, Herobrine looked much different from previously when Lemur had killed him. He had a circle beard grown in, a scar over his right eye and instead of his normal complexion, he was a transparent blue. That's when Lemur knew... Herobrine came back as a spirit! Not only that, but he came back with murderous intent as he struck lightning from his hands, at the civilians within the ball room.

"Herobrine!!!" Lemur exclaimed as he was about to charge at him, but Galaxy grabbed onto the sleeve of his tux.

"Lemur, wait!" Galaxy said.

"We need to stop him Galaxy!" Lemur replied.

Galaxy then pulled him in, and they kissed ever so lovingly, in the face of evil and chaos, thus sealing the deal... Galaxy and Lemur were officially husband and wife, and along with that, they became the King and Queen of Lapis Kingdom.

"Ok, now!" Galaxy exclaimed, as she handed him the scepter that housed the bloodstone.

Herobrine by then, had possessed a citizen and taunted us, saying "What's wrong? Can't hurt me or you'll hurt them?"

"Nice try Herobrine! I know ways around this!" Galaxy said.

Herobrine looked puzzled before Galaxy shot the possessed civilian with white light, which burned Herobrine's spirit, causing it to teleport from the kingdom.

"Destiny, are you alright?" Galaxy asked the possessed woman.

"I think so," Destiny replied.

"What did you do?" Lemur asked Galaxy.

"Think about it. Herobrine is a demon from the start. Now that he's a spirit, he should no longer be immune to holy stuff like my powers. We can take him out!"

"Do you think it'll work?" Lemur asked again.

"Lemur, it's a long shot, but it's worth a try!"

"Herobrine might still be within the kingdom!" Lemur exclaimed amongst the people in the ball room, "We need to search the entirety of the kingdom! If you find something, alert us on your cell phone!"

Lemur pulled out the invention Harris had made in two years time and glared at it. This revolutionary piece of technology that allows them to communicate as if we were near each other, but in truth, be far distances away. It was truly amazing.

"Alright!" Harris said affirmatively, "I'll lead a search party to the north. Jake, you lead a west, Polar, the south, and Fredi the east!"

Everyone remaining exited the room and all that was left there were Lemur, Galaxy, and the ones who died during this sudden turn of events. Amongst the dead was Cyrus and his pregnant wife, Loralyn, which angered Lemur.

"Their child never got a chance to see the world..." Lemur said as he banged a fist into the ground, "And now they never will."

"Lemur, it's ok," Galaxy said sympathetically, "We can't bring them back... but we can avenge the fallen. We can take revenge on Herobrine."

Lemur hugged Galaxy and said, "I love you."

They ran out of the ball room and joined the easterly party in searching for the evil soul of Herobrine's. Just about when they were going to give up, Lemur had received a call from Harris of the north party.

"Lemur!" Harris exclaimed through the phone, "We found something!"

"Is it Herobrine!?" Lemur said back.

"Not quite, but you're going to want to see this!"

Harris hung up on him and Lemur wondered, *what did Harris find?*

Lemur and Galaxy arrived where Harris was... the old laboratory of the Osbourne's, which was now collecting dust as the Osbournes have all died since the war or before then.

"What is it Harris?" Lemur asked.

"Just come."

...

The royalty of the kingdoms in the Overworld have reported to the Osbourne Laboratory, where Lemur had to tell them some dire news.

"Alright, so firstly..." Lemur started, "Herobrine has returned."

The royalty gasped and Lemur continued, "He came to crash our wedding, taking on a spiritual form. Be prepared to fight him with Aether or Divine weapons as those effect him greatly."

"And the second thing?" Snowblossom asked.

"Come with me."

Lemur led them down the stairway to a wall where a robot was wired to, and upon arrival, the robot began to yell his name.

"What's wrong with the robot!? Why is it saying your name!?" Scarlet asked.

Lemur sighed and revealed, "It claims... to be my father... Brine Kolachnik."





[Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/2)

