# Chapter 10: Surprise Visit
---

"Ok, you take the left side, and I'll take the right side," Galaxy said quietly, "then we'll approach the bush."

Brine nodded his head in agreement and thus, they took their positions. Galaxy looked at Brine, and then gestured to advance forwards. The two silently ran up to the bush, but suddenly, the figure in the bush phased in front of Brine and grabbed him by the throat before saying, in a familiar voice, "Who are you and why are you with the Princess!?"

The figure peered over his shoulder, and saw Lemur, who seemed unconscious from his perspective and continued, "What did you do to Lemur!?"

Galaxy with mixed feelings of anxiety and nostalgia then said, "Huh... wait... Thorn, is that you?"

The figure turned his head to Galaxy, and said, "Yes, who else would it be?"

Galaxy laughed and said afterwards, "That's Brine, Lemur's father, if you could please set him down. Lemur just tuckered himself out to the point of complete exhaustion. We're alright."

Thorn set Brine down gently and apologized, "Damn Galaxy, it's been a while. Sorry I couldn't attend the wedding, Ender guardian stuff got me busy, but congratulations!"

"It has been a while!" Galaxy said, "You've changed so much since I last saw you!"

"Indeed, and check it out!" Thorn replied, "I got my ender eye!"

Thorn pulled down his right eyelid comically and shown Galaxy his glowing magenta eye. Thorn had indeed changed since they last met. Not only had he acquired an ender eye, but his physique had become more defined, he was taller than before and his jet black hair was longer, along with a new, thin beard growing in.

"Sorry to intrude," Brine said, "But who is Thorn?"

Galaxy and Thorn sat Brine down, and they had lit a campfire and explained to him who Thorn was.

"Ah I see," Brine said, "You are one of Lemur's close friends. It is nice to meet you."

Thorn then shook Brine's robotic hand and Galaxy then asked, "What are you doing here though Thorn? Shouldn't you be in the End?"

Thorn stretched and let out a satisfied sigh before answering, "Queen Ender sent me to make sure you guys accomplish the mission successfully. She fears that this Herobrine issue could spread into the End if she didn't get *someone* involved, so she chose to send me. I used my ender magic to get here, though I'm not the best at it yet. Teleporting to a precise location is challenging."

Thorn then let out a guttural laugh, and Galaxy and Brine joined in. Afterwards, the sound of Lemur stirring in his sleep stopped their laughter, and continued their conversation.

"Lemur is always like that isn't he?" Thorn asked, "The kind of guy that will push himself above and beyond to do good."

"It seems so," Brine said, "It worries me sometimes. I haven't been around for all of his life, but it doesn't change the fact that I'm concerned."

"Sometimes he concerns me too," Galaxy said, "However, I know that he can pull on through, and when he can't, he can try... but his body will prohibit him from doing so, much like what happened now."

"True," Brine replied.

Thorn looked at the moon and stated, "You guys can rest. I will guard this campsite."

"Are you sure Thorn?" Galaxy asked.

Thorn smiled and said, "Yes Galaxy, I want to. It's been a while since I've seen the moon and the stars."

A tear trickled down Thorn's face, and Galaxy replied, "Alright... well wake us if you need assistance."

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/9) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/11)
