# Chapter 11: Onward
---

The group had gathered their makeshift, temporary living supplies and took apart the campsite. Lemur had luckily awoken the next morning, and ready to continue the journey to Hope Diamond, and was delighted when he learned Thorn was coming with them to the destination, just like the olden days.

"Thorn!" Lemur exclaimed, "It feels like forever since we seen each other!"

"It definitely does," Thorn replied, "Congratulations on the marriage!"

"Thanks," Lemur said.

"And Lemur," Thorn started, "Please don't push yourself so hard this time. If you are feeling tired, or woozy, just let us know before you crash like you did last night. We can set up camp then, or I could *try* to use my new Ender magic and take over."

Thorn opened and closed his fist and continued, "This new magic takes some getting used to, and to be quite frank, I don't know if I can teleport us all at once. Direct contact is needed to transport more than just the user."

"Alright Thorn," Lemur replied, "I will be more weary of my limits."

"Also, I think you own your father and wife an apology for last night as well," Thorn explained formally, "They were somewhat worried over how far you went to make the journey quicker."

Lemur rubbed the back of his neck and said, "Damn, I didn't know... or realize."

Lemur then apologized to Brine, Galaxy and Thorn, for the events that played out the day before, and they continued onwards, to the destination. After roughly seven hours of portal opening and closing, Lemur had once again knelt on the ground again, catching his breath.

"Lemur!" Thorn exclaimed, "What did I say!?"

"It's alright," Lemur said between gasps, "I'm fine... I'm just now getting... tired. Will you please... take over?"

Thorn sighed and placed a finger on his temple pensively and said, "You know, you could've said for me to take over earlier, before you got tired... But I am glad you chose to stop rather than crash... Alright."

Thorn cracked his fingers and said sternly, "Alright, I will be taking over the distance trimming! Everyone, grab ahold of my arm or something, so you will be teleported!"

Thus, Lemur, Galaxy and Brine all grabbed onto Thorn's arms and Thorn continued confidently, "Alright, here we go!"

Then just like that, they all teleported, but the sight they saw on the other side, once teleported, was not promising.

"Are you serious!" Thorn exclaimed, then he facepalmed.

"It appears we're back where we started," Brine said affirmatively.

"Don't worry, I got this," Thorn said reassuringly.

Thorn teleported them once more, and they ended up back where Lemur had told Thorn to take over, and Thorn let out a relieved sigh.

"Alright, we're back at our original place," Thorn said, then looked dismayed, "Sorry guys, but I think it's too risky for me to use my teleportation to advance further. I might get us teleported in the wrong direction and make the journey unnecessarily longer."

"It's fine Thorn," Lemur said calmly, "You were willing to help us, and you tried your best. That's what counts right now."

"So then, shall we set up camp here?" Galaxy pondered.

Lemur agreed and thus, camp had been set up, and much quicker than before, since they already had the supplies and the number of hands able to help had doubled. It wasn't before long, that they had a bright, hot fire going and cooking freshly caught fish and rabbit above it, and even set up defenses around the perimeter. Later that evening, they ate, laughed and told stories around the fire. After storytelling, the sounds died down and Brine looked up at the stars, and began to sing.

"🎵 Throughout the end of days, the end of days, I will be calling your name. Beyond the end of time. When the fire dies, or the sun don't rise, you are all I need. You are my light, throughout my darkest nights, and I'm begging you don't leave me...🎵"

While Brine sang, Lemur and Galaxy locked eyes, and eventually got up from their seats and danced around the fire, ever so lovingly. When Brine stopped singing, they sealed the dance with a kiss, and Thorn applauded.

"That was beautiful," Thorn said.

"Thanks," Lemur and Galaxy said.

"I didn't know you sang," Galaxy stated to Brine, "That was a lovely song, what was it?"

Brine sighed and replied, "It was the song I wrote myself, to Alex, for our marriage. Still gets me every time."

Galaxy hugged Brine sympathetically and said, "Thank you, for that."

The fun, warm night died down and everyone began to go to sleep.

Suddenly, Lemur woke up in the middle of the night to a distant, angered shout. He quietly walked out of the makeshift tent structure, and investigated the noise. When he walked past the defenses, he saw a flash of purple, followed by the same noise he heard before. Then he noticed what the noise was coming from.

"Damn it! I can't figure this magic out!"

Lemur found in a clearing, a flustered and angered Thorn.

"What are you doing?" Lemur asked Thorn.

Thorn got startled for a split second, and replied, "Sorry if I woke you, I'm trying to figure out this magic."

"Oh, alright," Lemur replied, "Would you like help?"

"How could you help me though, you don't have ender magic."

Lemur sighed and explained, "All magic in this world is connected somehow, and since anyways, even though we don't have the same magic, it doesn't mean I can't give pointers."

Thorn put his hands behind his head and replied, "Alright Lemur, what you do got?"

"Well," Lemur started, "When I open portals, I think of where I want to go, but of course, I also keep in mind the maximum distance of which I can open portals. Since my portals can only lead to the Nether, from the Overworld, and vice versa, the distance does play a big role in both dimensions. How this applies to your magic is simple. You are trying to teleport correct?"

"Yes?" Thorn answered.

"Then think of where you want to go. Not just a general direction. Think of the distance you want to travel, the destination, and also the amount of energy it will take you to get there."

Lemur then pointed to a boulder in front of them, and continued.

"See that boulder over there? How far do you think it is?"

Thorn pondered for a moment and replied, "Roughly seventy metres from the spot I'm standing in."

"Alright," Lemur said, "Now think of how much energy it would require to get there, and keep in mind of the destination, and where you want to be in relativity to that destination. You don't want to wind up inside of that boulder, remember. I want you to try and teleport directly on top of it."

"I see," Thorn said, "Ok, here it goes."

Thorn then used his ender magic and managed to teleport within five metres of the boulder.

"Woah!" Thorn exclaimed, "It worked! Sort of... I didn't make it to the top of the boulder, but I made it pretty close."

"It was a great attempt," Lemur replied, "Now-"

Lemur then used his firebending to scorch a mark into the grass of which Thorn once stood in and continued, "Return to this spot and try, try again. This is how I honed my portal skills, and this will help you hone your teleportation."

Thus, Thorn practiced and Lemur mentored, for roughly two hours... until finally.

"I did it!" Thorn exclaimed atop of the boulder, "I finally did it!"

"Good job!" Lemur exclaimed back.

Thorn teleported within a metre in front of Lemur and said, "Thanks."

"Not a problem," Lemur replied.

"You may not know it," Thorn said, "But you are a great mentor. You were able to help me easier and better than the Ender Mentors at the End Kingdom."

"Really?" Lemur questioned.

"Yes. Perhaps it's because we both were at one point, just average human beings, and the mentors there had their powers since the beginning of their existence, so they just expect you to know how to do something."

"Perhaps," Lemur stated, then looked at the moon, of which was beginning to set, meaning the dawn of a new day is approaching.

"We should get some sleep," Thorn replied.

Lemur agreed and thus, they stopped what they were doing and headed to have a well deserved rest.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/10) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/12)
