# Chapter 12: Arrival
---

The group had once again, taken down the campsite and continued the trek to Hope Diamond, and it was the final day in the predicted time to get there. Lemur, once again opened and closed portals to lessen the total distance travelled and cut the time to get there. After roughly eight hours of teleporting, he once again, was growing exhausted.

"I think... it's time... for me to stop," Lemur said, "Thorn, please... take over."

Brine leapt to what Lemur had said, and replied, "Are you sure Lemur? Last time Thorn tried to-"

"He can... do it," Lemur interrupted, catching his breath.

"Alright," Thorn said, "Everyone hold on!"

Everyone had grabbed onto Thorn's arms and Thorn then exclaimed, "Here goes nothing!"

And just like that, Thorn had teleported them all in the right direction, as the supervolcano holding the enormous soul gem had finally come into view, and it was massive. Even from the distance they were from it, it already looked as if hundreds of Kingdoms could fit inside it.

"You did it Thorn!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"Did it strain you?" Lemur asked.

Thorn cleared his throat and said, "I will admit, it took more energy than I thought it would, however, I am certain I can get us there by sunset."

Thus, Thorn teleported the group several more times, until, as Thorn had suggested, they made it to the base of the supervolcano, at sunset. Thorn had then fallen backwards and just laid in the blackened sand.

"Thorn!" Galaxy and Lemur exclaimed, "Are you alright?"

Thorn simply chuckled and said, "Yes, I am fine... However, if we are gonna do this right now, I don't think... I'll be much use... I'm wiped out."

Lemur pondered for a second and suggested, "Let's set up camp, one last time, right here. We should get some rest, so we have the greatest chance at getting Herobrine into the soul gem. After all, it's not like he's gonna walk right inside it. We will most likely have to do it by force."

The group agreed, so Brine, Galaxy and Lemur set up camp, while Thorn rested idly. The group had sharpened sticks into spears and stuck them around the perimeter of the camp to keep living and undead from entering camp. While they did so, Lemur proposed, "Is it just me, or was the journey here... quiet?"

"What do you mean?" Galaxy asked back.

"It's just... we are far east, and we never came across any human civilization... and we never came across any zombies either. Is it because no one resided out here, or did the curse not effect this land?"

Brine and Galaxy realized this too and pondered with Lemur on the quietness of the journey.

"Well, zombies are slow," Brine replied, "And since no one lives out here apparently, any zombies that could've come here, didn't smell human flesh... so I think they didn't bother moving out East, as they would starve."

Galaxy and Lemur shrugged and they all continued setting up defenses, just to be sure that they would be safe throughout the night. After all the defenses were put up, Galaxy and Lemur went to sleep while Brine kept watch.

Several hours pass by into the night, when suddenly, distant moaning is heard.

"Uhh guys," Brine said, "I hear something."

Lemur woke up and said, "It's probably just the wi-"

Then they saw it. Upon the horizon, was a mega horde of decaying zombies, charging at the camp in full sprint, with blood red irises. The horde was so massive, that the sound of their crunching footstep were like some twisted drumming in the distance, and their growls and snarls cut through the silent night like a knife.

"Guys! Wake up!" Lemur exclaimed, "Trouble coming in hot!"

Everybody jumped up from their sleep and got themselves ready for the onslaught of zombies heading their way. Lemur transformed into his Kaīta mode, Thorn grabbed his axes, Galaxy grabbed her scepter, and Brine got into an airbending stance. The zombies were so numerous, they merely charged through the spear wall around the camp as if it were just cobwebs in their way, and the group began fighting the zombies.

"There's too many of them!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"Alright, I have an idea!" Lemur exclaimed, "Brace yourselves!!!"

Lemur then charged up an attack and expelled a fiery blast from his body, creating a fiery terrain that only harmed the zombies and not his friends. While it did take out several zombies, there were just too many of them, and the group became bombarded... then suddenly, it stopped.

Lemur glanced over at the other three, then checked his own body, and to his surprise and relief, no one was harmed, or even scratched... then looked at the massive zombie horde charge up the side of the supervolcano.

"That's strange," Brine said, "They completely ignored us, and went to the top of the mountain. Why would they-"

"IT'S GONE!" Lemur exclaimed.

"What's gone?" Thorn asked.

"THE PICKAXE! WHERE DID IT GO?!?!" Lemur yelled anxiously.

Then all his questions were answered when a massive lightning bolt fell from the sky, into the supervolcano, followed by an earth-shattering rumble.

*"Oh no,"* Galaxy said dreadfully, "Herobrine has the pickaxe."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/11) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/13)
