# Chapter 13: Our Darkest Hour
---

"What!?" Thorn exclaimed, "How did he get it?!"

"The zombies must've been a distraction!" Lemur yelled, "Brine, did you sense Herobrine at all during our trek?"

"No," Brine said, "Not until now. He's at the summit of the supervolcano!"

Another large lightning bolt reaped from the sky, into the volcano, followed by an earth-shattering rumble, that popped everybody's eardrums, to the point of blood spurting from them.

"We have to stop him before he kills us all!" Lemur shouted.

"What!?" Thorn exclaimed.

Lemur simply just gestured to go up the supervolcano, and everyone understood. The group of four charged up the mountain, slaying zombies that came near, or blocked the way to the top, while Galaxy used her Moon Goddess form to heal their eardrums, curing their deafness. The rumbling made several landslides come crashing down, clearing away many of the zombies, but provided the group a larger threat.

"Everyone, grab on!" Thorn exclaimed.

Thorn then teleported everybody past the landslides as they approached, until finally... they reached the summit. In the center of the earth-covered crater was the ghastly Herobrine, about to launch another lightning bolt onto the diamond. Shards of diamond were already scattering the ground, which proved to Lemur, Galaxy, Thorn and Brine... That Brine's attacks were succeeding in destroying it.

The Hope Diamond, in the center of the crater, was indeed massive. At least three times the height of Herobrine. It's glistening heart shape was truly a beautiful sight to see, even with some shards missing.

Thorn teleported the group to Herobrine, and Brine high-kicked Herobrine's arm, which wielded the pickaxe, causing him to fling it many metres back.

"Father! Be careful!" Lemur exclaimed, "You don't want to get captured in the diamond!"

"I'll be fine Lemur!" Brine exclaimed as he continued landing hits on Herobrine, "Grab the pickaxe!"

Lemur charged towards the pickaxe in his demonic mode and successfully grabbed it.

"I got it!" Lemur exclaimed, "Now Brine! Throw him into the crystal!"

Brine nodded and grabbed Herobrine by the leg, and started spinning him. Due to disorientation, Herobrine's attempts at striking Brine with lightning were becoming futile and then, Brine threw him into the crystal... but what happened was not what they expected. Herobrine flew into the crystal, and made contact, but instead of getting absorbed into the crystal, he just simply rebounded from it, as if they just threw him into a regular wall.

"What!?" Thorn exclaimed over the rumbling, "Why didn't it work!?"

Vents of hot, ashy air started splintering across the crater, similar to how a sheet of glass would do before it shattered into many little shards. Herobrine got up from the ground, wiped his mouth and chuckled.

"You really thought... you could capture me in a soul gem?" Herobrine said smugly, "Fools... This is what I say to that idea!"

Herobrine then punched a fractured part of the diamond with such force that the diamond began to crack more. Brine ran up to Herobrine and went to grab his fist, but Herobrine grabbed him instead, and now... Brine was resisting Herobrine's push; Herobrine's attempt at trapping Brine within the gem.

"Father no!" Lemur exclaimed.

Lemur was about to charge at the two fighting, when Herobrine let out a barbarous yelp, and suddenly, the mega horde of zombies continued their journey, from the edges of the crater, to the center of the crater where the group stood, in swarms like angry bees.

"Lemur!" Galaxy screamed, "Don't do it! The Diamond is reaching it's breaking point! Your attack can cause the diamond to completely shatter!"

"I have to do something!" Lemur yelled back in his demonic voice, "We can't lose here! I have an idea!"

Lemur then used a new move, that no one knew he could do. It was much like his fiery terrain ability, but instead of channeling from him, creating a circle of pure chaos, it drew itself around the diamond, in a fiery, raging ring of fire!

Brine had then tripped Herobrine, and grabbed Herobrine in a headlock, then Brine had an idea.

"LEMUR!!!" Brine exclaimed.

"Father! Finish him!" Lemur yelled back.

"Son! This is where we part!"

"What do you mean!? We can do it!!!" Lemur yelled encouragingly.

"Lemur! Son!" Brine exclaimed, "Look around you! This is a losing battle unless I do this!"

Herobrine tried to fight himself out of the headlock and Brine reacted by holding him tighter.

"What are you blabbering about! Unhand me at once!" Herobrine exclaimed.

"If you won't move on..." Brine started, "I'll take you with me!"

"NO!" Lemur exclaimed.

Brine then left the robotic body, with Herobrine still in his grasps, and yelled, "Lemur, I am really glad we finally got to meet each other! All the time we spent, I will never forget it! I will always love you! As a friend, as a comrade... and as MY SON!"

Brine and Herobrine then both glowed in an immense blue light, which soon engulfed the crater, and eventually, the entire supervolcano. The ground beneath the two started forming frost-like markings, which soon etched the entire crater, and they began to glow more, and more... like a star on the Overworld itself.

"NO!!!" Herobrine exclaimed, "I'M HEROBRINE!!! I AM HEROB-"

Then suddenly, the light exploded softly, like a twinkle, and the blue light waved across the crater, then the supervolcano, and eventually, the rest of the world. A strange wave of cold fire, that felt calming and serene as it passed through. The rumbling stopped. The vents of the crater began to stitch themselves closed, and Hope Diamond began to take on a new form, which resembled a blue-coloured tree of crystal. Various flowers and plant life began to grow around the group, and the entire mountain, and all the zombies that surrounded them died peacefully, and faded away into the dirt below.

Just like that, it was over. Lemur was in his human form, and on his knees, with tears trickling down his face, and he said ever so softly, "I love you too... dad."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/12) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/14)
