# Chapter 14: 
---

**(3 months later)**

Everyone gathered at the center of Lemur's home village, dressed in black. At the center, stood a tall and mighty statue, that resembled Brine down to the finest hair strands. It was as realistic to the original human he once was as you can get. At the base of the statue laid a casket, made in the same stone that the statue was, and inside, was the robotic suit that Brine had resided in during his final days in the Overworld. In front of the casket, stood a well-dressed Lemur, who eyed the entire gathering before finally speaking.

"Brine was a legend. He was a humble man full of love, strength and encouragement to us. In life and now death he wouldn't want us to focus on the sadness and sorrow but to continue to love and support each other no matter the situation.

His warm smile taught us that love reigns supreme. This is what those who were fortunate enough to know him will remember him by.

I also remember his vital aid in the situation this world had to face once more. Brine, your invaluable wisdom you shared with me... shared with us. Being by your side during the time we had was truly a tremendous time of blessing, one which cannot be forgotten.

I remember earlier this year, when we first met. I didn't believe it was you... but when I learned that it was true, that hug we shared was ever so comforting and longing. The day I finally got to embrace my father. I felt awkward, to actually have this chance, but I also felt ever so secure in your arms.

I looked forward to seeing you at every opportunity that came, and every opportunity that was yet to come after this mission."

Lemur then wiped tears from his eyes, and continued, "Unfortunately I would've never imagined this to happen. My heart is shredded. You were the father of all fathers. A shining example to all. Thank you, dad, for all the time we spent. I will never forget it."

After the speech was given, everyone paid respects to the fallen Brine, and it wasn't before long that the memorial was over. Lemur stayed at the statue, along with Galaxy and Thorn and Steve.

"Your father would be so proud of you for the speech you delivered," Steve said.

"You have a way with words as well," Galaxy added.

"I guess I do," Lemur said and chuckled, wiping tears from his eyes.

"He made a humble and noble sacrifice," Thorn stated, "No one will forget him, and his final actions which saved countless lives. You are lucky to have a father like him."

Lemur nodded and said, "Thanks."

"And we did it, together. We avenged all of those who fell to Herobrine," Galaxy said as she gave Lemur a sympathetic hug.

"Indeed," Lemur said, "Skatriel, Menia, all of you. We have successfully avenged you."

"So... what now?" Steve said.

Thorn looked dismayed, and said, "I unfortunately have to return to the End Kingdom. Duty never rests, and my mentoring..."

"Don't worry too much about leaving here."

The group turned around and walking up to them was Queen Ender, who was also dressed in several shades of black and dark purple, and continued, "I'm sorry for your loss too. He truly saved us all."

"Indeed he did," Lemur said sadly, "Thanks... now... what do you mean by not worry?"

Thorn also questioned and Queen Ender shrugged.

"Thorn is an... interesting individual. Our best mentors couldn't even get fast, or above average results from him, but you managed to teach him the same subject they tried and failed to, in the span of only a couple hours."

"So what are you proposing?" Galaxy asked Queen Ender.

"I heard what King Lemur said," Queen Ender replied, "He said that all magic is connected somehow. Even though ender magic and his demonic magic are very different, there are yet similarities. He has taught me invaluable wisdom to me, that I have never learned in my long life. Thus, I propose that, after Thorn learns the basic topic of training, that we have King Lemur mentor him."

Lemur looked shocked and said, "Why are you referring to me as King, and also, are you sure?"

Queen Ender chuckled lightly and said, "You taught me something valuable, and I look up to that, don't take my title mentioning lowly, but don't take it too highly. I am also very sure. You will do good for Thorn, and for us."

"That's amazing!" Thorn said, "Thanks my Queen."

"No need to thank me," Queen Ender said, "I'm only doing what is both right, and most beneficial for the sake of my kingdom. Now, Thorn, we must take our leaves."

"Alright," Thorn said formally, "I guess this is goodbye."

Thorn waved bye to Lemur, Galaxy and Steve before both him and Queen Ender disappeared in a scatter of magenta ender fractals.

"I guess..." Lemur started, "We can finally live our lives... the way it was intended to."

Lemur smiled at Galaxy and Galaxy smiled back.

"I guess we can."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/13) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/epilogue)
