# Chapter 2: The Possessed Robot
---

"WHAT!?" Snowblossom exclaimed.

"Isn't Brine dead?" Scarlet asked.

"He was," Galaxy said, "But it wouldn't be surprising if he came back like how Herobrine did."

"And you said claim?" Juniper questioned Lemur.

Lemur sighed again and answered, "Yes, claimed. I don't know if he's truly my father, and I truly doubt it. That most likely is not Brine. I believe it to be another one of Herobrine's games."

"I can assure you, I am Brine," said the robot.

"Can you prove it though?" Juniper asked.

"I know Lemur is my son," the robot said.

"Everyone knows that relation," Lemur stated.

"I died the day he was born."

"Again, many know this already... Herobrine being one of them. Screw it! I should just end you here and now!"

"Your mother was Alex!"

Lemur then stopped dead in his tracks.

"My... mother?"

"I loved her dearly. Forever more, even after death itself," the robot said.

"Yeah sure, and which lover is this?"

"What do you mean which one? I would never be unfaithful to my wife."

"That's hard to believe."

"I can tell, you have her eyes."

Lemur rubbed the temples of his head vigorously.

"Listen, I don't know what game you're trying to pull here, Herobrine, but stop pretending! You aren't fooling anyone!"

"I'm not Herobrine!" the robot exclaimed.

"AGHHH, I'VE HAD IT WITH YOU!"

Lemur barged out of the room and Galaxy followed him outside.

"Lemur, stop," Galaxy said.

"I'm sorry Galaxy, for storming off like that," Lemur said, "It's just... I can't believe Herobrine is going to these extents!"

Lemur and Galaxy overheard the robot whimpering and Galaxy replied, "I, personally, am not too sure that this is Herobrine, or one of his schemes."

"What makes you think that?"

"He knew your mom," Galaxy answered, "He knew how she looked, and Herobrine never even saw her. He seemed truly against being with several women, and if he were Herobrine, don't you think he would've killed you by now?"

Lemur realized that everything that Galaxy had said was true to an extent. Herobrine never met his mother, let alone knew her name, but that didn't mean that he couldn't acquire that information from Brine's body, when he controlled it. As for the other two parts, Herobrine could easily be pulling a fast one on them.

"Do you think there's a way to definitively prove it? That it's Herobrine, or not?" Lemur asked Galaxy.

Galaxy seemed unsure then it seemed to have hit her.

"Two ideas. Lemur, you never knew your father as Brine, but surely Steve does. And Herobrine couldn't tap into the pickaxe's true Aether power, but if that's Brine, then he could."

Lemur was astonished and said, "You're right. Let's test this robot on those aspects... then we can decide if he's Herobrine or not."

They descended into the building and the robot yelled out to Lemur once more.

"Do you believe me son!?"

"Uhhhh Not quite yet," Lemur said, as he was unhooking the robot from the cords and cables, "But we got a plan for you to try to prove yourself. To prove you're really my father."

...

They had arrived in Lemur's home village, which had changed a lot in the past years. It has grown much bigger and more fortified, and there was a sign at the entrance reading:

*'In Memory of Nautilius the Portal Mage'*

Lemur walked inside with the humanoid robot in close range, in case it planned to do anything funny. Suddenly, when Steve passed by, the robot dashed away from him and exclaimed, "Steve!"

The robot gave Lemur's uncle a big hug and Steve couldn't muster up a reaction, until he saw Lemur.

"Lemur! What is this!?" Steve said.

"It's me, Brine, your brother!" the robot said.

"This is what I brought to you uncle," Lemur explained, "We found it within the old laboratory in the Lapis Kingdom. It claims to be Brine. We need you to test this robot out to see if the spirit inside is, in fact, your deceased brother."

"Alright," Steve said as he pushed the robot off him, "Listen here you! If you are truly my brother, I need to ask you questions only he would know the answer to."

"Yes," Lemur said, "And then after, we need Brine's pickaxe as a final test to see if it's Herobrine or not."

"Ok," the robot said, "Go ahead Steve."

"Well... the robot definitely has Brine's personality, only it's a bit more... ecstatic, I guess."

"Well I haven't seen you in eighteen years! Of course, I'm ecstatic."

"Alright, first question. What year did we land on the Overworld?"

"Year 2000, about a year before Lemur was born."

"Correct... next question, what was my crush's name?"

"Alex. You loved the woman I fell in love with and felt jealous ever since because I was the one who married her."

Steve looked a tad bit annoyed and muttered, "Correct... unfortunately. Alright, final question. Where did you pass away, and what were we doing that day?"

Brine thought for a moment, and looked partially mortified. Steve chuckled.

"Ha! You don't know that one, do you!?"

Then, the robot replied sadly, "It was in the royal hall of the Nether Kingdom. King Wither had caught us mining quartz for the Aether, and was gonna kill you... But I took the hit instead. My soul was stripped from my body and replaced with a demon's."

Everyone went silent and Lemur was as shocked as Steve was.

"Brother!?" Steve said as he hugged the robot, "How are you back? Where did you go?"

"Wait uncle Steve!" Lemur exclaimed, "He still needs to do the final test."

"Lemur, are you sure?" Galaxy asked.

"Look. Even though no one knew quite exactly what happened to Brine that day, unlike this potential imposter, I am still not convinced entirely." Lemur replied.

"Alright then Lemur," Galaxy said, "Let's do the final test."

They gave the robot the infamous pickaxe that Herobrine had used in physical form, to wreak havoc and use for lightning, as that was what happened when you mixed a blessing with a curse.

The robot held it and said, "It's been a long time since I've seen this baby again."

The robot then slammed the pickaxe into the ground, and to their surprise, shards of rock shot from the ground, and they turned into diamond daggers, which he then launched into a dummy a great distance away.

"I'm a little rusty with the old pickaxe," the robot said, "But hopefully... this is all the proof you seek!"

Lemur was completely shocked. The pickaxe didn't strike lightning like he expected it to. It did what the Aether enchanted it to do. Lemur looked at the robot and smiled.

"Brine?" Lemur said as he felt tears forming in my eyes.

The robot ran to Lemur and gave him a hug, and whispered, "You don't need to call me that. You can call me father..."

Then the robot continued and said, "Or not. You can call me Brine if you'd like. I understand the circumstances we have."

Lemur couldn't believe it. His real father... has returned.





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/1) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/3)
