# Chapter 3: The Meeting
---

The group had returned to Lapis Kingdom the next day, with the robot that appears to be possessed by Brine's spirit... to discuss the current situation and how the Lapis Union was going to handle it.

"Alright, Lapis Union," Lemur said, "This is my father, Brine."

Lemur then told Brine who each of the union's members are who before they all took their seats.

"Ok," Galaxy said, "Do we have any idea of Herobrine's current whereabouts?"

Everyone had no clue, meaning Herobrine, one of the world's most notorious criminals, is nowhere to be seen, and nowhere to be found. An impending doom that no one knows where it'll end up.

Brine had nudged Lemur and whispered, "Am I allowed to speak in this, or just royalty?"

Afterwards, Lemur stood up and said, "Brine would like to speak some words in this matter, so I will be permitting him, if it's ok with everyone else."

"Sure," Snowblossom replied.

Brine had looked upon all the people of the union and stated, "It's strange... but it's almost as if I can sense where Herobrine is."

"Actually?" Juniper asked, "Does that make Brine here a threat?! Could Herobrine sense where he is as well?"

The union bickered before Brine spoke again.

"Sorry to be rude in interrupting, but I doubt that Herobrine could sense me at this moment. Not saying he doesn't have the ability, but Herobrine has always been consumed by anger from the moment I saw him all that time back."

"That is true," Galaxy added, "Herobrine has always been angry, but how would you know? You've only came back yesterday."

"That is actually false Que—"

"Brine, as my father-in-law," Galaxy interrupted, "You can call me Lillian."

"Alright," Brine replied, "Lillian, that is false. I've been around since Herobrine's creation... eighteen years ago."

"Really?" Lemur asked.

"Indeed Lemur," Brine said, "Eighteen years. I spent all that time trying to find you. Fighting to stick around in this world, for you. I had wanted to warn you about Herobrine and meet you."

"And you knew Herobrine had been angered for eighteen years?"

"Ok, what does Herobrine's anger have to do with him not knowing where we all are?" Juniper asked anxiously.

"Simple," Brine said, "His anger consumes him. With him being consumed with rage, the result is being deafened or blinded of any underlying powers that he could and most likely does possess. The ability to sense one another is buried deep in all of us, but our other senses get in the way of that."

"So, where is he?" Snowblossom asked.

Brine sat for a moment and closed his eyes to hone his sense to find Herobrine's whereabouts, before saying, "Northeast from here. Far northeast."

...

The union followed Brine as he walked blindly through the meadows and forests, with Jake and Juniper's three assassins fighting off any zombies that came near. Suddenly Brine stopped, which had confused them.

"What's wrong?" Lemur asked.

"Herobrine..." Brine started, "He disappeared."

"Disappeared?" Juniper questioned, "Are you leading us to a trap!? How can he disappear?!"

"I assure you," Brine said, "It's not a trap. Not one staged by myself at least. Herobrine must've gone into another realm, or out of reality."

"Can you still bring us to where he was?" Lemur asked.

"Indeed."

The group rushed to where Brine last sensed Herobrine, and what they found... was a run-down, old building.

"What is this place?" Galaxy asked.

"Wait..." Jake started, "I recognize this place."

"What!?" Snowblossom exclaimed.

"This was the Ender Corporation's base." Jake said.

We were shocked. *So, this is where it began,* Lemur pondered. *Where the Ender Corporation took place. Where Jake was brought to. It was here all along.*

"This place is a dump!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"Not quite," Jake said, "They had disguised it as one. Behind the fences... tells a different story."

Jake then used his speed teleportation and stripped the fences down to nothing... and to the union's surprise, the fences had disguised the base as an old, broken building, when in reality... it was the opposite.

Behind the mirage, was a white building with clean windows, a well-kept courtyard, and lights much like the ones Harris made. *But that doesn't make sense. The timelines don't match up. Harris didn't make those lights until recently. These lights have been here for the entirety of the Ender Corporation's base,* Lemur thought to himself.

The group entered the building and what was behind the doors, was gruesome. Several mutilated bodies of men and women in lab coats were splayed along the white floors... some with their chest cavities exposed, as if their chests exploded from within.

"What happened..." Lemur asked.

"Maybe..." Galaxy started, "Herobrine was tying up loose ends."

"Then why would he just disappear?" Snowblossom questioned, "We are also a loose end of his... wouldn't he come after us as well?"

"Something else is up," Brine said.

The gang investigated the base and couldn't find any hints as to why Herobrine returned here in the first place. It began to look like a clean up... before Jake yelled, "Over here!"

The gang rushed over to the bookshelf that Jake was at and amongst the shelf, a book was missing.

"What is it?" Galaxy asked.

Lemur started reading the words along the spines of the books and that's when he noticed it.

"They aren't just books," Lemur said, "They bare information on each Ender Corporation member."

There were several books along the bookshelf, more books than there were members that the Lapis Union knew of, which was dreadful to think about. The books were labeled with their names, such as 'the Entity' or 'Lick.' Other books had labels with 'Project' appended to it, like 'Project Hyperphase.'

That's when they realized two things. The scientists here created some of the members. Some of the infamous criminals that this world has ever seen... and amongst the books, proving this, Herobrine's book was missing.

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/2) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/4)
