# Chapter 4: The Lost Time
---

Lemur pulled out the book labelled 'The Entity' and opened it. Within the book, several facts were displayed like a medical record, complete with the Entity's name before he was known as 'The Entity', his abilities and even more importantly... his weaknesses.

"Herobrine knew," Lemur said, "He knew that if we ever were to find this place, that we would learn his weakness. He came for a clean up... but a clean up in getting his book... not to kill all of these people."

"Though he killed them anyways," Juniper said, "Sick."

"Well," Brine said, "It's assumable that one of these scientists had to have written these books. Herobrine probably killed everyone to ensure they kept quiet... or they caused a struggle."

"We need to take these books back to Lapis Kingdom," Galaxy stated.

"On it!" Jake exclaimed as he used his speed teleportation to quickly transfer all the knowledge of the potential enemies to the kingdom in a flash.

"What do we do now then?" Scarlet asked, "The game-changing knowledge to stop Herobrine is gone."

"King Wither," Brine said, "He created Herobrine, if we could force it out of him then maybe—"

"King Wither is dead," Lemur said, "I killed him."

Brine was shocked, and replied, "You killed him?! But that means—"

"Yes Brine," Lemur interrupted, "I'm also the Nether King."

Brine suddenly bowed down to Lemur and Lemur couldn't help but to laugh.

"How did you defeat him?" Brine asked.

Lemur sighed and said, "We should get you caught up to speed. You're clueless about everything right now."

Thus, the group explained to Brine what happened in eighteen years, and Brine was struck.

"So, the curse... didn't only affect me," Brine said, "It affected my direct bloodline... Lemur I'm so sorry. I am the stem of this, and the reason why you have to live like this forever."

"It's alright," Lemur replied, "The curse actually became a blessing... in a way. It's what led to us beating Herobrine the first time."

"Not to mention," Galaxy started, "it also gave confidence in many of us. Having such great power on the allied side gave us the fighting chance we needed to bring the world to peace."

"Wow," Brine said, "That's awesome."

Suddenly, Brine gasped and continued, "I just remembered! There were others that were with King Wither the day it happened! Perhaps they know something!"

"That isn't such a bad idea," Galaxy replied.

The others within the union seemed very weary of entering the darker realm, so it was decided that only Lemur, Brine, and Galaxy would go to the Nether Kingdom. The union returned to their respective kingdoms and vowed to give each other any valuable information on the enemy if any is found.

Once in the courtyard of the Lapis Kingdom, Lemur transformed into his Kaīta mode, which startled Brine initially as Brine never saw Lemur in his demonic state.

"Lemur, is that you?!" Brine exclaimed.

"In the flesh," Lemur said in a demonic voice, as he held out his hand to the empty space in front of him.

Suddenly, the space began to tear and just like that, a free-floating portal to the Nether Kingdom was created. The portal glowed an eerie purple and triggered some dreadful memories for Brine. Despite experiencing flashbacks of the past, the three entered the portal.

"Woah!" Brine exclaimed, "This place has changed drastically!"

"Indeed, it has," Lemur replied, "I've changed a lot of stuff here in the past years, the most prominent changes being the peace treaty made between the Aether Kingdom and this one, and the removal of the corpses along the walls."

"So, wait," Brine said, "The war between the Nether and Aether?"

"Diminished. There's a trade agreement being put into play. Basically, the Aether can peacefully get their quartz in return for fresh foods and water. The Nether could never carry that stuff due to how barren it was, but we're working out the kinks in making it possible."

"That's amazing," Brine replied.

The three entered the throne room, where Lemur's body double was, and Lemur absorbed it, giving him complete control of the kingdom once more.

"Alright," Lemur said, "I'm going to call someone who's familiar with this sort of stuff."

"How are you going to do that?" Brine asked.

"You called for me?" said a voice suddenly, from behind them.

"Among many of the Nether King's abilities," Galaxy whispered, "One of them is the ability to send telepathic messages to anyone of the Nether."

"Fascinating," Brine replied quietly.

"Alright, this is Menia. She is well aware of how demonic possession and curses work... and in fact... this is also King Wither's great-great-granddaughter."

"Hello there," she said.

"Hello Menia," Brine replied.

"We've come for knowledge," Lemur said, then whispered to her, "of Herobrine."

Menia gasped and replied, "It's best if we spoke of this in private."

Lemur then ordered all the guards and visitors of the kingdom to leave the throne room, leaving just the four of them inside.

"Alright thank you, my King," Menia said, relieved, "Herobrine is a taboo subject of the kingdom nowadays, as the words the kingdom got was that their newest super soldier went rogue."

"So, you all fear him?" Brine asked kindly.

"He's the Satan of the Nether," Menia replied.

"So, could you help us... because... well... he's back," Lemur stated.

Menia screamed at that idea, and replied, "That's dreadful! Ok, my great-great-grandfather created him by removing Brine's soul and replacing it with a demon's. Holy magic can affect it, but it won't kill him. It'll only weaken him."

Brine looked anxious, as if he were replaying the event in his mind, and Lemur told Menia that the robotic individual was Brine.

"Then what will kill Herobrine?" Lemur asked.

"A soul gem will be able to capture his spirit, which will provide a temporary solution," Menia answered, "But what will kill him is—"

Suddenly, a greatsword flung off the wall in a controlled manner and impaled Menia... killing her on the spot, and Herobrine phased into reality.





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/3) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/5)
