# Chapter 5: Herobrine's Revenge
---

"NO!" Lemur exclaimed as he transformed into his Kaīta form and swung a fist at Herobrine, just as Galaxy launched herself forwards, to catch Menia's falling body.

Herobrine simply phased out of reality once more, making Lemur punch through stale air then Herobrine rephased and attempted to attack Lemur once more. Lemur dodged the attack and called the guards telepathically.

Herobrine lunged for more attacks, and Lemur did the same however, Lemur's attacks simply went through Herobrine, while Herobrine's attacks landed each time.

"Lemur!" Brine yelled as he low kicked Herobrine, which, unlike Lemur's attacks, made contact, which in turn, surprised Herobrine.

"Ah I see," Herobrine said, "We have another spirit."

Herobrine then phased out of the Nether, and the guards barged into the room.

"Where is he!?" the guard yelled.

"He's gone," Brine said to Lemur, and Lemur forwarded the message.

"She's dead," Galaxy said sadly, "There's nothing we can do."

"We were so close. So close to finding and end to it," Lemur said angrily, "Menia didn't deserve to die. Not for this."

"But we know that Herobrine can be contained within a soul gem," Brine replied, "So we can start there."

Lemur paced back and forth and reverted to his human form, before saying, "Yeah, I guess we need to stop Herobrine. The sooner the better."

Lemur raised his hand and the body double from earlier rematerialized in front of him, then he ordered the guards to be on high alert for the possibility of Herobrine returning to the Nether Kingdom.

"So, where are we going?" Brine asked.

"Menia's house," Lemur answered, "She might have some valuable information about Herobrine there, and we need to break the news to her mother."

"Right," Brine replied.

Thus, Lemur, Brine and Galaxy had left the castle and walked down the nether brick streets, lit by the mystical glowstone rock, which illuminated an eerie yellow, giving the streets a sinister appearance. While traveling through the streets, many citizens bowed in Lemur's presence up until they reached it. Menia's house. Lemur lifted his hand and gently tapped the door three times before saying, "Skatriel, its King Lemur. I have some unfortunate news to break to you."

No answer. Lemur knocked on the door with a bit more force and to his surprise, the door creaked open. *Oh no.* Lemur pushed the door open, and the interior of the house was trashed. Scorch marks lined the walls and floor, tables were sprawled across the floor and vases were shattered and in the center of it all, was the mutilated body of Skatriel, who appeared to have met the same dreadful fate that the scientists of the Ender Corporations had met.

"He got her too," Lemur said angrily, "And ransacked the place."

Galaxy strolled over to Lemur and sympathetically gave him a hug.

"I'm so sorry son," Brine said, "Is there anything that can be done, as of now?"

Lemur glanced up at a wall and noticed the bookshelf still intact, which brought a smile to his face.

"Herobrine didnt find it," Lemur said.

"Find what?" Brine replied.

Lemur walked over to the bookshelf and rotated it upside down, which in turn, made the wall behind it give away, as it suddenly phased into an open doorway.

"Menia's room," Lemur said.

The three descended the darkened staircase and had entered the room where Menia practiced her witchcraft and magic. In the room was various old items and books, along with vials and beakers, filled with unknown liquids and solids.

"Alright, Menia must have a book on Herobrine somewhere," Lemur stated as he looked amongst the literature available to him. After a couple minutes of searching, Brine said dreadfully, "I sense Herobrine is near."

"What!?" Lemur exclaimed.

"My my, you are truly amazing."

The three turned around to see the ghastly Herobrine holding a book and smiling.

"Looking for this?"

"HEROBRINE!" Lemur exclaimed as he transformed into his Kaīta form, when suddenly, Galaxy grabbed his arm.

"What is it?" Lemur asked Galaxy, "Let me do him in!"

"He's untouchable Lemur!" Galaxy replied loudly, "You might also destroy the book!"

Lemur calmed down and realized what Galaxy was saying was unfortunately true. Herobrine cannot be harmed by flames or any physical contact.

"Come on Lemur," Herobrine said, "You know you want to fight me. Don't let Galaxy tell you what to do. I can kill her... just like I did with Skatriel or Menia."

"No," Lemur said, as he felt his rage building, like a bonfire.

"Lemur, he's trying to make you lose control of your power! Don't listen to him! He's lying!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"Oh, Lillian," Herobrine replied, "You couldnt be more wrong."

Herobrine rushed towards Galaxy at lightning fast speed, but was immediately stopped by Brine, who grabbed him by the throat.

"You are NOT hurting my son or my daughter-in-law!" Brine exclaimed.

Herobrine laughed and replied, "So you're Brine Kolachnik, the person whose body I stole. Interesting. Do you remember that?"

Suddenly, Brine swung Herobrine across the room, before exiting his robotic body and landing an uppercut on the evil spirit. Herobrine phased out of reality by this point, and took the book with him... then Brine returned to his body.

"Thanks Brine," Galaxy said, "I could've been in serious trouble if you hadn't intercepted him."

"Indeed, thanks," Lemur added, "This is so annoying... and disheartening. I can't even flick Herobrine, let alone do significant damage... and now we don't even have the book! We're running out of options!"

"We may not have the book," Brine said, "But we have part."

"What?"

Brine unclasped his fist and inside, was a balled-up page that came from the book. The very book that Herobrine stole from Menia's room. A singular page that could change everything.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/4) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/6)
