# Chapter 6: A Glimmer of Hope
---

"Is that?" Lemur started.

"Indeed," Brine replied, "this is a page from the very book Herobrine got away with."

Lemur, out of pure joy and happiness, ran up to Brine and gave him a hug. "Thanks... father."

"Not a problem son," Brine said, "I want to get rid of this evil threat just as much as you do. I started it, so I want to finish it."

"I hate to break this up," Galaxy interrupted, "But should we retreat to somewhere far safer with this information? Somewhere where Herobrine will have a more difficult time getting it?"

Lemur and Brine looked at each other and agreed that they should leave Menia's house. Before they left to go to the Overworld, the group of three heaved Skatriel and Menia's bodies to the Nether Graveyard, where a quick, small service was held in honour of them. Lemur had transformed into his Kaīta form and knelt down to the new grave sites, holding the mother and daughter. Lemur had then outstretched two of his fingers, kissed them and drew a pentagram into each of the two sites, leaving a permanent black scorch mark in the stone.

"Isn't the pentagram bad though?" Brine asked.

Before Brine continued and, quite possibly, disrespect the mother and daughter, Lemur said, "There are many different traditions in this world. In terms of the Overworld, we tend to lay a cross, or even flowers to respect the dead. In the Nether, we lay pentagrams and food offerings to respect them. The pentagrams aren't evil for the Nether residents... they remind them of their home that they loved and lived decades, maybe even centuries of their life in."

"I understand now," Brine said, "Sorry for the possible disrespect."

"Skatriel, Menia," Lemur started, "You two were innocent souls that got put in danger, and ultimately lost your lives... because of my lack of action and my selfishness in wanting your aid in this situation. For that, I give you both an eternal apology, and also a promise. A promise to claim vengeance and defeat the one who brought you to your untimely deaths. Rest in peace."

Galaxy then raised her hand awkwardly to Lemur's flaming shoulder, and laid it there gently, easing Lemur.

"We'll all defeat him," Galaxy added, "Everyone will together work hard and ensure that your deaths were not in vain."

Suddenly, both pentagrams glowed gently, and slowly but surely, every other pentagram in the graveyard glowed a soft golden colour, before fading back into their original black marks.

"You always had a way with words," Lemur said to Galaxy.

The three then returned to the portal site, and before leaving, Lemur ordered the Nether guards to be on high alert, in case if Herobrine were to return there once more.

...

The three returned to the Overworld, and as they called a meeting in the union room, they answered Brine's many questions, of which he didn't ask at the service, to avoid further disrespecting the fallen.

"So... what was up with the golden glows?" Brine asked Lemur and Galaxy.

"That's their sign of gratitude," Lemur replied.

"It's their way of showing their thanks, even in the afterlife. The symbols burned into their headstones are not only there to remind them of home, but they serve as their one way of communicating on the living plane." Galaxy explained further.

"I see," Brine said.

As the three approached the door to the meeting room, Brine continued.

"Lemur, you do know that this isn't your fault... right?"

Lemur stopped in his tracks and sighed.

"I was their king. Their ruler. It is my fault for failing to protect them."

"That may be true," Brine said, "But that isn't all of it. Everything Herobrine has done... it all stemmed from one individual's mistakes... and that individual... is me."

Lemur knew deep down that, as much as he wanted to deny that, it was true to an extent. If Steve and Brine had never met King Wither, none of this would've happened... but at the same time... other problems were sure to develop if Herobrine didn't come to be. That's how the world balanced life.

"They're waiting," Lemur said, "May I just say, father, that I currently don't hold any grudge against you. For any of this. Take that to heart please."

The three entered the room and discussed the events that played out in the Nether, and the other kingdom rulers discussed any events that happened while they were gone.

"So it's confirmed that Herobrine is currently around Polar Kingdom?" Lemur reassured, "Do we need any reinforcements?"

Princess Snowblossom laughed and replied, "They will be fine. My kingdom is strong, and with General Aindreas leading the defensive, Herobrine will have no chance of entering. Besides, he hasn't targeted the Polar Kingdom, he has just been spotted flying by."

"So he's after something else," Brine said, "Alright."

"So what's in the page," Scarlet blurted, "Come on, tell us."

"We haven't read it yet," Lemur said, "We will be doing that right now."

Lemur unballed the page and read it out loud carefully. It read:

"Herobrine is, and always will have a spirit-like persona. There may be parts of Herobrine that wished he could break free of this unfortunate weakness. A way to become truly everlasting... a way for him to be truly living. Due to Herobrine's physical self, he, like many other normal spirits, would fade away if it can't possess a host that can handle his spirit. Another fact that should be established that, even if Herobrine were to be left out of any host, his sheer will to becoming something more, along with his burning hatred towards all who exist will keep him from fading away. Like most spirits, if they have to have a drive in order to cling on to existence. If they have one, then their existence will lengthen. There isn't a defined amount on how much longer a spirit could live when a drive exists, but it's believed that, once a spirit loses that drive, they move on. Since Herobrine is a spirit, he could be contained by a soul gem, but that wouldn't kill him. What would kill him though is a--"

"A what?" Snowblossom asked.

Lemur looked dismayed and replied, "It appears that... that information... would be on the next page."

Everyone sighed angrily, as they still, don't have a way to kill Herobrine.

"But we can still contain him, right?" Brine asked, "If we get a soul gem, we can just trap him inside and everything will be fine... right?"

Galaxy agreed, but added, "Herobrine is a strong spirit, and soul gems aren't easy to come by. A strong spirit such as Herobrine will need a strong soul gem to contain him indefinitely."

"Do we know of any soul gems with that strength?" Juniper asked.

"Nope," Galaxy said suddenly, "But I know someone who might... two someones in fact. Yin... and Yang."

"Of course!" Lemur replied, "They are guardian spirits! They may know where to find such a gem!"



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/5) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/7)
