# Chapter 7: The Hope Diamond
---

Later that day, Lemur, Galaxy and Brine searched for Yin and Yang within the Lapis Kingdom. Since their home, Běn Dé Village, had been destroyed during the fall out of the Ender Wars, Yin and Yang had taken refuge within the Lapis Kingdom... periodically revisiting the ruins of the village in dismay.

"It appears as though they aren't here," Lemur said.

"They must be back at the ruins of Běn Dé Village," Galaxy added.

"Běn Dé Village!?" Brine said, both with shock and astonishment in his robotic voice, "What happened to it!?"

Lemur realized what Galaxy had said, and replied, "It seems we forgot to tell you that part of the eighteen year gap."

The three walked out of the Lapis Kingdom and started the journey to Běn Dé Village, and conversed along the way.

"Why did react that way?" Galaxy asked Brine, "It was almost as if you knew the place."

Brine remained quiet and we both came to the realization at the same time.

"You knew the place... didn't you?" Galaxy added.

"Indeed I do," Brine replied, "Between the day we first came to the Overworld and my final days alive, I had often visited that village, learning the ways of the benders."

"Learning the ways?" Lemur asked, "You don't mean."

"I did," Brine said, "I learned airbending back then. In fact, I wonder if I still..."

Brine did some motions, of which were familiar to Lemur, as Lemur had watched Biyu do these long ago... and suddenly, a small whirlwind had manifested in front of them.

"Haha! I still got it!" Brine exclaimed.

"Did Uncle Steve know?" Lemur asked.

"No," Brine replied, "One of the things of Běn Dé Village was to keep it secret, and thus I did. My brother wouldn't have any knowledge of my airbending capabilities... so... what happened to the village?"

"During the Ender Wars," Lemur answered, "It was targeted for an attack by the Ender Corporation... before that, this other guy nicknamed 'The Maker' sent robotic legions to this village, killing them off slowly."

"That's terrible! Is there anybody left?" Brine asked.

"Only one," Galaxy said, "And that is Grant."

The three had finally arrived to Běn Dé Village, where Yin and Yang sat cross-legged in front of a dragon statue.

"Yin, Yang, sorry to disturb you but we need to request you of something," Galaxy said politely.

Yin and Yang opened their eyes and turned to us, and suddenly, they appeared surprised.

"Brine!?" Yin and Yang said at the same time.

"How did you know?" Lemur asked.

"Well," Yang replied, "We can see spirits, remember? We can see the spirit of anybody, and we've met Brine before within your home village. Recognizing his spirit isn't too hard to do."

"So," Yin added, "What brings you here? What is it that you guys needed?"

"I'm sure you guys have heard of Herobrine's return," Lemur replied.

"Unfortunately yes," Yin said, "That guy is sure a pain."

"Indeed," Brine replied, "We came looking for knowledge on soul gems. Specifically, the strongest soul gem there is. We want to capture Herobrine inside one to forever seal him away."

"Alright, two things," Yin said, "One, Brine... you can't be anywhere near a soul gem without risking being captured inside it yourself... and two... well, follow us."

We followed Yin and Yang to the ruins of their home.

"Why did you bring us here?" Lemur asked.

"We brought you guys here... to show you," Yang answered.

Yin and Yang then used their powers together in such a way that it painted a picture right in front of us, and soon all around us... as if we were planted right inside the painting.

"The most powerful soul gem is called the Hope Diamond," Yang said, as the gigantic, heart-shaped diamond glistened into the picture."

"The Hope Diamond is not mobile," Yin added, "meaning you can't move it from where it sits."

"Where does it sit?" Brine asked.

"Well..." Yang said slowly, "How do we put this... It sits atop of a dormant supervolcano. In fact, it's believed by most that the Hope Diamond is what kept the supervolcano inactive for all these years, which is also why it can't be removed."

"I see," Lemur said.

"So that means," Galaxy added, "we need to lure Herobrine to this Hope Diamond in order to contain him?"

"Exactly," Yang replied.

"And what if Herobrine manages to escape the soul gem?" Brine asked.

"His escape could shatter the gem," Yin said, "and also cause the supervolcano to erupt, endangering and harming countless lives."

"Would there be any way to prevent the eruption if that time came?" Lemur questioned.

"If the Hope Diamond shatters, there's no stopping the eruption. The only way to prevent it is to ensure it never ever breaks." Yin answered.

Yin and Yang stopped using their powers and the imagery once visible, had dissipated into nothingness.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/6) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/8)
