# Chapter 8: The Master Plan
---

"So what are we going to do?" Snowblossom asked Lemur and Galaxy in the meeting room of the Lapis Kingdom.

"We're going to take this chance, and capture Herobrine in the Hope Diamond," Lemur replied.

"That's insane!" Juniper exclaimed, "You're saying you want to risk the supervolcano's eruption, put several lives at risk!?"

"We don't really have a choice," Galaxy said, "Either we take this risk or take the other risk... letting Herobrine kill everyone."

Everyone mumbled in the silent room, as what Galaxy said was very true. The supervolcano could erupt, and kill many, if not, all the people... but letting Herobrine live would increase those odds of people dying.

"It's only possible," Brine said, "The eruption may not happen. As long as Herobrine doesn't break the Hope Diamond, the eruption will not occur. If we let Herobrine live... that will ensure humanity's extinction."

"Brine's right," Scarlet said, "There isn't a silver lining in this situation. Either option we choose could risk the lives of many, but letting Herobrine wander this world will make the chance of losing more lives inevitable. I say we do it."

"But how would we even get him there?" Juniper asked, "It's not like he's going to waltz along to the very thing that could beat him."

"We've got that under control," Lemur answered as he held up a pickaxe, which pulsed electricity inside it.

"Ok, this plan is getting even more risky," Juniper added, "You plan to lure him there with the very weapon he used to kill many!? You're out of your mind! Lets fight Herobrine and defeat him!"

"We can't fight him," Snowblossom said, "He's a spirit, our physical forms will just go right through him."

"Brine could fight him!" Juniper interjected, "He is a spirit! He even did land some hits on him! Yin and Yang are spirits, so I'm sure they can also take him out!"

"Spirits can fight Herobrine all they like," Lemur replied, "It won't kill him until he gives up. Do you think Herobrine will give up!?"

"ENOUGH!" someone suddenly yelled.

The doors of the meeting room flew wide open and at the door was Queen Ender. Such volume and powerful actions startled many of the people inside the room.

"Sorry, didn't mean to startle you," Ender said, "I just couldn't help but to not only hear your bickering, but to know of such a problematic situation on the Overworld."

"But this doesn't directly involve the End, Queen Ender, why are you helping us?" Lemur asked.

"I'm not helping you," Ender replied, "This isn't the End's fight. I just came to say a few things. Just fighting over this matter only puts more lives at risk as you aren't acting quickly on this matter. Herobrine is out for vengeance. When he destroys all possible clues on how to kill him, what do you think he'll go for next? Humanity. I'm just saying, the Hope Diamond is your only viable method of defeating him, so act quickly and get him to the Hope Diamond! If the worst happens, we will treat the problem as our own and fight for the Overworld."

"Alright, thanks," Lemur replied, "Wait, Queen Ender, one question."

"Yes?"

"Don't take this the wrong way, but you've been around for a long time, correct?"

"Indeed I have," Ender replied.

"So then do you know the simplicity of capturing a spirit in a soul gem?" Lemur asked.

"Well," Ender started, "For all circumstances, simply getting the spirit to touch it will cause them to be pulled into it. Other soul gems could pull spirits in within a certain radius. The Hope Diamond requires direct contact, unless you provide it with the triad of unearthly powers. That being the Nether, the Aether, and the End. This will allow it to pull spirits into it within the radius of the supervolcano itself."

"I see, thanks," Lemur said.

"Not a problem," Ender replied.

"So then it's decided?" Galaxy asked.

Everyone agreed to the plan. They will capture Herobrine... in the Hope Diamond.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/7) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/9)
