# Chapter 9: The Trek to Hope Diamond
---

Lemur, Galaxy and Brine had later left that day, with the infamous pickaxe at hand, for the long voyage to the supervolcano that houses the Hope Diamond. The supervolcano was situated in the far east of the continent. Yin and Yang had told the trio that the journey would take far too long on foot, so it was proposed that Lemur will occasionally open free-floating portals to lessen the time it takes to get there... but even then, the journey will take three days time if no complications occurred on the way there.

The three had exited yet another portal, where Lemur fell to his knees, breathing heavily.

"Son, are you ok!?" Brine had exclaimed as he rushed to his side.

Lemur, still gasping for air, said in between breaths, "Yes... I am... fine... Let's open... another-"

"No Lemur," Galaxy interrupted, "It's clear that using this much strong magic multiple times is straining you. I say we make camp here for the night. You need rest."

"I said... I'm... fine..." Lemur replied, "I can... do this..."

Lemur tried to stand back up, but failed, as he fell face first into the grassy land beneath him.

"Lemur," Brine said, "I know you want to end this as quickly as possible. I know you are a truly strong person, but look, if you continue at this rate, we might not even be able to make it. Even if we do, you will be far too strained to walk, let alone fight. We're camping here. Majority rules."

"Yes Brine," Galaxy said, "So you sit tight there. You've done a lot to help us, now we will take it from here."

Lemur only replied with a snore.

"Must've tired out into a sleep," Brine said.

"Mhmm," Galaxy replied, "Welp, camp won't set itself up. So let's set up camp!"

Thus, Galaxy and Brine together gathered up firewood, vines, and whatever else they can find to make a suitable temporary living space, while Lemur slept soundly. While gathering materials and making supplies, the two had discussed past times.

"So how long have you and my son known each other?" Brine said.

Galaxy looked up at the setting Sun and replied, "It's been roughly 2 years now."

"Oh nice, where did you guys even meet?"

Galaxy chuckled and said, "Funny story, but in a holding cell. Lemur had been kidnapped by this other criminal, who referred to themselves as Titanitro. They also were The Maker, who left the bender village in ruins. I was kidnapped much earlier from this guy. About couple weeks to a month earlier."

Brine looked mortified and replied, "Damn, that is horrible to hear. Being locked up like that."

Galaxy shrugged. "I will admit, the time before Lemur joined me in the cell was boring. Most of the time I tried to find a way out, but had no luck. The moment Lemur was introduced to the holding cell, it was a hilarious moment. However, Lemur managed to find an escape within hours since he was put there. Brine, your son is truly bright."

"Thanks," Brine said, "I wish I could've seen you two grow closer together from that time onward."

"That reminds me," Galaxy said, "I know you've been wandering this plane for eighteen years, but were there any highlights of that journey? Also, no offense, but why did it take so long for you to find Lemur?"

Brine threw down the firewood and started building a tent, and answered, "Just being a spirit, clinging onto existence, with the odds highly stacked against you... disappearing, your vision gets obscured by the living and the astral plains coinciding. As for the highlights of the journey... there weren't many, the best highlight was finally seeing my son again."

"Interesting," Galaxy replied, "Also, what is the astral plain like? Like, what happens after death?"

Herobrine stayed silent for a long while, before saying, "Unfortunately, the secret of what happens after death has to remain a secret... along with the astral plain. It's not that I can't tell you... it's just, my existence in either plane will disappear, and the living that hears the secret beyond will too, cease to exist. That's just how it works."

"Yeah..." Galaxy said, "I do kind of want to exist still, after all, I just got married."

The two laughed and they stopped suddenly, when they heard something rustling in the bushes behind them, followed by some whispers. Brine was suddenly alert, and Galaxy stated, "I thought you could sense people and spirits."

Brine was dumbfounded and replied, "I can. But this one just plopped into this place... and some news. Take it good or bad... but it *isn't* Herobrine."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/8) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/10)
