# Chapter 1: S.O.S.
---

**(Year 2020: 1 year since the fall of Herobrine)**

"So your last class is Weapon Summoning," said Lemur, within the training grounds of Lapis Kingdom, "Then you're off to your final examination as an Ender Guardian? Congratulations!"

"Thank you!" Thorn said, rubbing the back of his neck, "Really couldn't have done it without your help as a mentor. I really appreciate your aid."

Thorn glanced over at his axes, which laid on the cobblestone ground, roughly ten metres away from him, and continued, "This was a couple years in the making, and it's crazy to think this is the end of it. We defeated the Ender Corporation, and Herobrine and now we can just live our lives... It's so surreal."

Lemur agreed and held out his hand to the space in front of him, and out of thin air, a large, fiery sword appeared into his hand.

"Woah! What is that sword!?" Thorn exclaimed, in awe of it's beauty.

Lemur sighed and smiled slightly, before explaining, "This is the Nether King's sword, Aizdegties. This sword is an heirloom to the kingdom, and it harnesses unbelievable power from the Nether Kings that came before me. Every time the sword is passed down... a part of the previous heir's soul binds to it, making it stronger."

"Wow, and you just have that lying around?" Thorn asked, "Why don't you ever use it?"

Lemur stopped smiling and phased the sword from his hand, back to the Nether where it belonged, and replied, "Power can corrupt. Having too much power can make people go mad. You can kind of say I fear wielding it... I fear losing myself to its power. I don't know if I can handle such strength. I don't want to end up... like I did when I became the Alpha Kaīta I don't want to hurt the ones I love... or kill them."

"Lemur..." Thorn said sympathetically.

"Forget that, it's not important to the task at hand," Lemur replied, "What matters right now is teaching you how to summon your plethora of weapons... most importantly, your axes. Just imagine the weapon you want to summon to your hand, and imagine it materializing within your grasp. The weapon you imagine must have some attachment to you though."

"Alright," Thorn replied.

Thorn outstretched his arm and closed his eyes, as he deeply thought about one of his axes, and after two minutes of thinking, the axe had warped into Thorn's grasp.

"I did it!" Thorn exclaimed.

"Great job!" Lemur replied, "Now we are onto the harder part of this lesson... summoning one of your weapons from the End. Same rules apply, but its the distance and familiarity of the weapon that will make this more difficult."

Thorn held out his arm again and pondered deeply once again, when suddenly...

"Hey Lemur!!!"

Lemur turned around and saw Galaxy, in her ivory, draped cardigan, running towards Lemur. She then leapt at Lemur, and Lemur caught Galaxy in a hug, and spun her around.

"How are you doing darling?" Lemur asked Galaxy.

"I'm doing just fine," Galaxy replied, "I came to see how mentoring is going."

Their brief discussion was soon interrupted by Thorn shouting, "YES!"

The two turned around and saw Thorn holding a black sword, with a magenta-coloured gem embedded in it's handle. The guard of the sword was a shiny silver, much like the pommel was.

"Mentoring is going well," Lemur replied, "This is Thorn's final lesson."

"Great job Thorn!" Galaxy said cheerfully.

"Thanks Queen Galaxy," Thorn said formerly.

Galaxy gave Thorn a twisted look and Thorn added, "Err... I mean Lillian. Sorry, it's a force of habit. Being formal and all."

Galaxy laughed and replied, "It's fine, just know you can call me by my first name if you'd like."

"Ok," Thorn said, then turned to Lemur and continued, "Thanks for everything Ki- I mean, Lemur. I should be heading back now... So see you guys again someday!"

"Alright bye Thorn!" Galaxy and Lemur replied.

Thorn had then teleported with his axes and sword, back to the End, and it was at this time that-

"Queen Galaxy! King Lemur! I have an urgent message to give to you!"

The two turned their heads and saw the herald, Fegelein running towards them.

"What is it Fegelein?" Galaxy asked.

...

The group had arrived to the front gates, to Warrior Princess Juniper, and about twenty other people from the Forest Kingdom, all looking traumatized, and many looking injured and bloody. Even Princess Juniper was in shock.

"What happened? Why are you guys here?" Lemur asked.

Juniper took a moment to recollect herself, before saying, "What you see... is all that's left... of the Forest Kingdom. It's gone... All of it... gone."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/prologue) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/2)
