# Chapter 11: Burial
---

**(With the defense squadron, a day later)**

Lemur, Lillian and everyone else who took part in the defense against Queen Nile's attack had gathered the corpses and brought them to the secret burial grounds of the Forest Kingdom. They had gone into a cave within a side of the hill, with overgrown vines at the entrance, which made the opening secluded. As the Union drew closer inside, they had discovered the vast space inside, and also the several headstones already present within.

After digging the gravesites, acquiring headstones and crosses, and ultimately burying the bodies, the Union had organized a funeral for the fallen. Juniper had cleared her throat and began her speech.

"Friends! Soldiers! Brothers and sisters of the battlefields, and of the kingdoms! No matter what side we've fought on... what ideals we were fighting for, we were all Forest Kingdom at heart... all survivors at heart. These proud and valiant warriors gave their lives protecting what they believed was right, and we shall honour them in death as we do in life, for serving our kingdoms proudly... In the great Ender War, and in this very battle. And, though we are all soldiers... more importantly, we are family."

"These brave and courageous souls," Lillian added, "weren't only warriors in the face of war. They were parents... siblings, and great friends. Each one of them ultimately fought for their family, and the freedom of our people, from the plague that walks among us, and the enemy on our doorsteps. They made many sacrifices to ensure that we, as kingdoms united, would have a place to sleep... a place we cannot call a 'house', but to call 'home'."

"They fought for our safety," Lemur continued, "whilst jeopardizing their own. Each one of them demonstrated selflessness and bravery that we should all, as allies and friends, look up to. We, as people, should not think of the dreadful times of their lives, but rather cherish the good times we've shared amongst them. While we have suffered great losses in the protection of our beloved kingdoms, these losses shall not be in vain. We shall live up to their example they've demonstrated in our lives and fight. Fight for those good times... fight for them, and for our future!"

The audience of people, despite mourning the losses they've endured, had released barbarous yelps in response to the speech given by the royalty. They were moved by their words, and the tragedies that unraveled had fueled their lust to fight against the evil that lurks in the deserts beyond. Later on, everyone paid their respects to the fallen and left the burial sites to mourn, comfort and ultimately discuss the next plan of action.

"Great job with the speech," Juniper said to Lemur, "I will admit, I was thinking the audience would dislike your rallying there at the end... but surprisingly, the reaction was the opposite."

"Oh, thanks," Lemur replied, "You did a great job too!"

"All those other gravesites," Lillian began, "May I ask-"

Juniper wiped a tear from her eye and replied, "Many of them are, from that time yes. Others were survivors who had later passed on due to old age."

"My condolences," Lillian stated sympathetically.

"So, what are we going to do now?" Juniper asked sadly, "They had used our own forces against-"

"I'm sorry Princess Juniper, would you excuse me?" Lemur stated suddenly as he walked away from Lillian and Juniper, towards two people approaching the rally point... one being helped by the other.

"Is that?" Lillian started as her and Juniper followed.

Cedric finally arrived at base camp, whilst helping an injured Polar, and fell to his knees.

"Cedric! What happened!?" Lillian asked in shock, "Where's Jayden, and Jackson?"

Cedric couldn't help but to cry, refused to look up at his Queen and said, "I'm sorry my Queen, I have failed you. I've failed them."

"Cedric, what are you-" Lemur started.

"She has them." Cedric said as he pounded his fist against the dampening grass below, "Queen Nile took them."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/10) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/12)
