# Chapter 13: Preparations of War
---

After the discussion took place in the back room of the secret cemetery, the royalty leaders had informed the public the plan to both end the war... and to save their beloved allies from the desert queen's clutches.

"May I ask a question, your Highnesses," a Forest Kingdom survivor said.

"You may," Juniper replied.

"How are we going to kill the Queen, when she's guarded by our loved ones?"

"Yeah," exclaimed another civilian, "And how do we stand a chance inside the Desert Kingdom? Or in the desert for that matter?"

"Our stealth is completely useless in that terrain!" yelled another Forest Kingdom assassin.

"Guys, guys, please, one at a time!" Lemur exclaimed.

Eventually, the entire crowd began a commotion, filled with dread, anger, and lots of confusion and anxiety. Cedric, who was investigating the people who died back home, had emerged from the cave in response to the commotion. He shook his head in disbelief.

"SOLDIERS!" Cedric exclaimed, with emotion in his voice, "Everyone stop!"

The commotion continued despite Cedric's attempt to end it. Lillian had then used her scepter to produce a bright light, to gather everyone's attention.

"Everyone!" Lillian exclaimed, "I would like to call someone forward, as they have something to say. Cedric, if you would please come up to the podium."

Cedric, in utter shock of his name being called by Lillian herself, had then ushered to the front of the crowd. The crowd began to gossip around who Cedric is and what he had done.

"Ermmm thanks my Queen," Cedric murmured, "But why me, and what are you exactly doing?"

"Because, you've faced it, and came out of it alive. These people need to believe it can be done. That we can beat this evil, as you are living proof of that."

"But Polar-" Cedric stated.

"Is still asleep," Lemur whispered.

"Why are we bringing this guy up here Queen Galaxy?" Juniper asked.

"Yeah!" exclaimed a civilian in the crowd.

Cedric peered amongst the crowd below, and Lillian continued.

"They're waiting Cedric."

Cedric gulped as he eyed the crowd that seemed to grow exponentially as he looked further beyond them.

"Hello... everyone," Cedric started, "I am Cedric, and some of you may know, I am one of the people who had scouted the deserts beyond... and one of the few that returned."

"One of the few?" A civilian asked loudly, "This is hopeless! The Queen will take us all!"

"Especially if we're fighting on their turf!" yelled an assassin, "We haven't ever experienced combat in those wastelands!"

A commotion had begun to arise again, and Cedric responded to it by pounding his fist into the podium in front of him, and exclaimed, "Soldiers! Assassins! Everyone!"

The commotion ended abruptly and Cedric continued his speech.

"Get a load of this," Cedric murmured, "A united civilization that can't look at one another or act cohesively. With all due respect to the royalty, this Union is bullshit if we can't keep ourselves on the same page for more than five minutes!"

The people below the stage began whispering and one asked to Cedric, "Look, we're scared. We don't know how this is even feasible to attain."

Cedric shook his head and said, "It's impossible if we can't work as the Union we are meant to be! On the scouting mission, I lost half of my squadron... due to not listening to the people around me. It's a mistake I take deep into heart... a mistake I will make right. Don't be making the same mistakes and not hearing what everyone around you has to say! What are we!?"

"The Lapis Union," said someone in the crowd.

"I SAID WHAT ARE WE?" Cedric exclaimed.

"THE LAPIS UNION!" exclaimed the entire audience of people.

"That's more like it. Uhhh"

Lillian touched Cedric's shoulder to get his attention and asked him, "What is your plan Cedric?"

"My- my plan?" Cedric asked in even more shock.

Juniper facepalmed and looked down at the wooden flooring beneath her. Cedric turned to the audience.

"Uhhhh Here's my plan," Cedric stated, "We won't have to face the Desert Kingdom army on their turf."

"What!?" exclaimed a civilian, "How won't we?"

"Queen Nile, upon seeing her in person, and after she took the mind of Jackson, has discovered that the heart of this Union is Lapis Kingdom."

Commotion began to buzz amongst the audience quickly, so Cedric expressed himself.

"This news may come across as bad news! HOWEVER, we can intercept her path to the Lapis Kingdom on our grounds. We can prove to her how wrong she is in saying that. The Union resides not in a place, but in all of our hearts. We will devote our hearts in the protection of our kingdoms!"

A person in the audience raised their hand to signify they had a question, and, once allowed, she asked, "Pardon me for asking, but how would we know that Queen Nile would even accompany an assault squad on the Lapis Kingdom? She hasn't accompanied them before, so why would she start now?"

Cedric pondered to himself for a quaint amount of time, and elucidated.

"Thanks for asking. There are two answers to that question. One, Queen Nile knows our sheer numbers. While her kingdom is bigger than our Lapis Kingdom... as an alliance of kingdoms, we are far greater than them... this is exactly why she's making this feel impossible. She wants our alliance to break so we have no chances! She would most likely accompany the assault squad to capture more people in her army to greaten the odds. Only *she* can control new people. Her puppets are... well... puppets. And when all else fails, we have the second answer. Give her the proper motivation."

Cedric nodded to Lemur and continued.

"King Lemur, if I may ask. If necessary and when the time comes... may I ask of you to make use of your flight powers, and assault the Desert Kingdom? As the Desert Kingdom lacks flying enemy soldiers, you would have the advantage, as you could keep out of their most ranged attacks."

"I am willing to do this Cedric," Lemur stated, "For the greater of our Union."

"If the King can just attack the Desert Kingdom, why can't he just wipe them out for us?" asked a Forest Kingdom survivor.

"It's far too risky," Cedric stated, "We can't afford to lose King Lemur to the enemy. Imagine having to face off against him as an enemy."

"Uhhhh forget I asked that," replied the survivor.

"So then it's settled?" Lillian asked.

The audience boomed with ferocity in response to Lillian, assuring her that this can be doable. They can and will defeat the Desert Kingdom, not as a bunch of flailing civilians, but as a united force.

...

Ever since the speech, Cedric had given days ago, everyone had hustled in preparing for the face off between the Desert Kingdom army... and more importantly... the face off against Queen Nile. The royalty had been closely supervising the preparations, in case of any skirmishes between the enemy, or between their very people.

"Princess Snowblossom!" Lillian welcomed, "It's nice to see you again!"

"Nice to see you too," Princess Snowblossom replied, "sorry, my friend, for not being around during the battle previously. I've heard some dreadful things had occurred."

"Some things had happened, yes," Lillian said, "Would you like to follow?"

"Follow? Follow you where?" Snowblossom asked.

"Well, two things actually. One is to look over the preparations being made, and the other... I have someone I would like you to meet."

"Princess Lucinda! I'm here!" a red-haired civilian suddenly exclaimed.

"Shane, if you're going to refer to me by first name, the 'Princess' title seems off-putting," stated Snowblossom.

"Uhhh who's this?" Lillian asked kindly.

Upon seeing Snowblossom blush slightly, Lillian put two and two together and added, "Never mind."

"No Lillian, it's not what it looks like," Snowblossom flustered.

Lillian simply replied to Snowblossom with a big smirk, which made Snowblossom fluster even more.

"Lillian, take those thoughts out of your head now!!!"

"Uhhh, did I come at a bad time?" Shane asked Snowblossom.

Lillian stepped in and answered, "Not at all, Shane was it? Welcome to the Lapis Kingdom!"

"Thanks for having me," Shane replied.

"Shane," Snowblossom fumed in embarrassment, "How is Vitaur doing? Please go check up on him."

"I'm sure Vitaur is fine," Lillian replied, "Shane, you could come with us if you'd like."

"Absolutely not!" Snowblossom exploded, "Errr I mean, Shane. Please do check on Vitaur for me please. We'll be here when you're done."

"Alright my sweet Princess Snowblossom," Shane replied.

Shane had then wandered back to the Polar Kingdom, and when Snowblossom took her eyes off of him, she turned to Lillian who rolled her eyes.

"Lillian!!!" Snowblossom yelled.

"Whatever you say Lucinda, whatever you say," Lillian replied.

Lillian and Snowblossom wandered through the bustling streets of the Lapis Kingdom, until they reached a house next to the old Lapis Mines. Lillian knocked on the door, and out emerged Harris the miner, who wiped his forehead with his arm before bowing.

"Hello there Queen Galaxy, Princess Snowblossom," Harris said.

"Hi Harris," Lillian replied, "Just came to check on your progress with your inventions."

"Oh, of course, right this way!"

Harris had led Lillian and Snowblossom down the Lapis Mines to the base of the cavern, where Harris had several new lanterns set up, brightening the once gloomy area. Across the room, he had a barricaded section, which held a few zombies on the other side of it.

"Harris! What are you doing!?" Snowblossom exclaimed as she was about to kill them, before Lillian stopped her.

"Princess Snowblossom, those are Harris' test subjects," Lillian quickly assured.

"Test subjects?" Snowblossom pondered.

"Indeed they are," Harris added, "Because no *willing* human would volunteer to be shot with one of these."

Harris spun a laser gun around his finger, but then accidentally dropped it onto the hard ground below, which made him bolt backwards.

"Ok, phew, it didn't explode," Harris replied, "Should still be fine."

Harris picked up the laser gun and began to aim it at the zombies.

"So I've been calibrating the photonic accelerator to be lower, which should be helpful for the gun, and our people."

"Harris, English please," Lillian asked.

"The gun shouldn't put holes through our enemies, but rather weaken their muscles, effectively stunning them," Harris answered.

Harris shot lasers at the few zombies, and they had fallen to the ground, not to their deaths, but rather because they were too weak to stay upright.

"Fascinating!" Snowblossom said, "Uhhhhh does it hurt?"

Harris chuckled and replied, "These rotting corpses don't tell me anything. They just moan and groan. If I had a person... I could-"

"I'm sure the controlled allies would be fine with a bit of pain. They won't feel it anyways until they wake up from that state," Lillian quickly answered.

'Very well," Harris replied in annoyance, "also been working on these things!"

Harris held out a black box with red etchings on it, which appeared strange to Lillian and Snowblossom alike. Harris simply pressed a button on the box, and threw it, and it generated a strange wall, that was translucent, but very sturdy.

"It should keep some distance between us and the enemy," Harris replied.

"Great work Harris!" Lillian exclaimed, "Can we move through it?"

"Uhhhhh" Harris stuttered, "I guess it's back to work!"

"Alright, good luck," Lillian replied.

Lillian and Snowblossom left the Mines and wandered towards the training grounds, where several soldiers and civilians alike, were honing their skills for the upcoming fight.

"Queen Galaxy, Princess Snowblossom! Nice to see you again!" Yang suddenly exclaimed as he bowed.

"Yang!" Lillian yelled back, "I see your eyes aren't bleeding anymore!"

"Indeed," Yang replied, "My transformation is complete."

"Transformation?" Snowblossom inquired.

"It's a spirit thing," Lillian and Yang chorused.

"Another spar brother?" Yin joined, "Oh, hello Queen Galaxy, Princess Snowblossom, how's it going?"

"Pretty well, thanks for asking," Snowblossom replied, "Or you know, as well as it gets when a full blown war is in the making."

Yin laughed and added, "Well yeah, I guess so."

"You know I never say this, but you can stop and take a rest you know!" Juniper suddenly exclaimed from afar.

Lillian and Snowblossom had heard Juniper and bolted towards her direction. a few people had crowded around where Juniper was when she yelled.

"He's been going at it for hours at this point," a soldier murmured.

"He's just not backing down is he?" another civilian gossiped.

"Please step aside," Lillian asked a few people of the crowd, as they worked their way into the centre of the circle of people. Inside the circle, stood an exhausted Princess Juniper and Cedric, who seemed like they've been sparring each other for a long time.

"Never..." Cedric stated, "I won't... give in."

"You haven't even won yet!" Juniper exhaled, "I've beaten you several times. Leave with your dignity while you still can."

"What... dignity?" Cedric asked as he lunged towards Juniper with a wide arm swing. Juniper simply moved aside and tripped Cedric, before restraining him on the ground.

"Cedric! Juniper!" Lillian exclaimed, "Let up now!"

"Look Galaxy," Juniper replied, "I wanted to let up a while ago, but this bozo here doesn't know when to quit!"

"Cedric," Lillian sighed, "You shouldn't even be in combat with your injuries, let alone Warrior Princess Juniper herself."

"Actually... Queen Galaxy," Cedric gasped, "I was hoping... you'd come around... if I could... may I?"

"Of course," Lillian said as she became her Goddess form to heal Cedric's old and newer wounds, whilst listening to Cedric's wishes in his mind... Lillian then said, "Cedric, this is Princess Snowblossom, Princess Snowblossom, this is Cedric."

"My sincerest... apologies," Cedric exhaled, "Princess Snowblossom it's my fault that... General Jackson-"

"Oh, so it was you," Snowblossom stated, "I should let you know the mistakes you made, but I'm sure you already know of them... however, I should also let you know that General Jackson is strong, both physically *and* mentally. He wouldn't have gotten himself captured if he didn't see it as a viable option. He *chose* to save you when he could've just left you. Don't take too much of the faults here. General Jackson had his reasons for going this path... reasons I won't fully understand. Make sure those reasons were correct ones."

"You... have my word," Cedric said as he bowed... then he turned to Juniper, "Alright... Juniper..."

"No," Juniper replied sternly, "For the last time no. You may not have beaten me once in a spar, but you've beaten me with your damn impenetrable persistence. Gods and Goddesses."

"I will spar you," said a familiar voice.

Emerging from the crowd of people was King Lemur himself, who's presence pumped the crowd of people that enveloped them.

"Lemur, darling," Lillian said, "Please, Cedric needs his rest."

"No worries Lillian," Lemur replied, "Cedric, as your King, heed my words. If I beat you in this spar, you must take a rest. No exceptions."

Cedric smirked in his tiredness and replied, "My King, promise me... you won't hold back."

Lemur stood there with his arms folded and looked at the tired Cedric sympathetically.

"If it's to teach you this viable lesson, then alright," Lemur said sternly.

"It's an honour... to face you my King," Cedric gasped.

Lemur pulled off his sweater and got into a fighting stance.

"Yeah, and it's an honour... to teach you this," Lemur expressed.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/12) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/14)
