# Chapter 14: The Sparring Match
---

The crowd around Cedric and Lemur began to cheer and applaud excitedly as they were about to witness the legend, King Lemur, face off against the very person that had successfully rallied the kingdoms.

"Queen Scarlet," Lemur said, "Please tell us when to start, and Lillian, may I ask if you could hold my sweater for me?"

"Alright," Queen Scarlet replied.

"Uhhhh, sure," Lillian answered as she grabbed his sweater, "Lemur please don't-"

"I don't plan on hurting him," Lemur whispered, "But he also doesn't want me to hold back. Don't worry honey, it's not to the death, and I will hold back a bit anyhow."

"Alright Lemur," Lillian replied, "good luck."

Lemur then kissed Lillian before stepping into the ring.

"Cedric, I hope you're as ready as I am," Lemur taunted.

"I was... born ready," Cedric replied.

The two people stood in readied stances, and Scarlet couldn't help but to gulp, as she knew of Lemur's strength.

"Alright, let the sparring match... begin!" Scarlet shouted.

And thus, the spar began. Cedric darted towards Lemur and swung his fist back, to go for a hard punch. As he lunged his fist at Lemur, Lemur shifted his body hastily, and gripped onto Cedric's arm, restraining him before slipping his legs from underneath him. Cedric fell to the ground, and Lemur used this opportunity to score a few punches on Cedric.

Cedric could taste the blood in the back of his throat, screeched and kicked Lemur off of him. He jabbed his fists into Lemur's ribcage, and before Lemur could use the same tactic from before, Cedric swept his leg into Lemur's, throwing him off balance.

"You aren't landing that one on me ag-" Cedric began, before Lemur struck the side of his face hard, with a kick as powerful as a bolt of lightning, which caused Cedric to become disoriented, and in disarray.

"Holy shit, Lemur is going to kill him," a civilian in the crowd murmured with dread.

"Come on Cedric! We're getting pumped!" Lemur provoked.

Cedric recovered from the kick and flung himself at Lemur once more. Lemur simply evaded the attack and elbowed him into the sand.

"Let's make this a bit more interesting," Lemur replied.

Lemur held out his hand and morphed two swords, of equal strength and flung one at the ground next to Cedric.

Cedric grabbed ahold of the sword and clashed it with Lemur's. Several powerful clashes between their blades echoed through the ecstatic training grounds, and as Cedric went to slash with his sword, Lemur performed a back handspring as a method of escape and flew a distance away. He flung several balls of demonic fire off his sword at Cedric. Cedric dashed towards Lemur, slicing and gashing each and every fireball that came at him, and slashed Lemur's leg. Lemur collapsed and gazed upon the sword Cedric pointed at him.

"Don't be so sure of yourself," Lemur said, as his eyes turned bright red. Lemur transformed into his demonic form and clenched Cedric's blade, making it too hot for Cedric to handle.

"Finally, you bring your demon out," Cedric spat.

Cedric swirled his leg on the sandy ground beneath him, creating a veil of dust between them and began to fling his fists into Lemur. Lemur caught one of his punches at the last second, and swung him hard into the ground, which ultimately won him the match.

"The winner... is King Lemur!" Queen Scarlet exclaimed.

Lemur became his human self once again and outstretched his hand to Cedric, to help him up. The crowd cheered in excitement and awe of the spar performance they have witnessed. Eventually the crowd of people dispersed to train some more, for the true battle, yet to arrive.

"That was a good spar," Lemur replied, "You're really skilled with the sword, in comparison to your... well... hand-to-hand combat. Lillian, could you...?"

Lillian grumbled and exclaimed, "Lemur, what did I tell you?", as she healed the two.

"It's alright my Queen... I asked him not to go easy on me," Cedric stated, "I guess I must follow your orders my King... here's your sword back."

"Actually," Lemur said, "Let me just-"

Lemur held out his hand and the sword in Cedric's hand morphed and twisted into a brand new form. The sword became slightly longer in blade length, and unlike the brimstone appearance it once had, this sword had a smooth, metallic appearance.

"I gift this sword to you Cedric," Lemur added.

"Wow... thanks!" Cedric exclaimed, "But why?"

"Like I said before, you are skilled with the sword, thus it is only fitting if you had one. Lillian?"

"I heard you yes," Lillian replied as she tapped her temple, "Cedric, we were looking for somebody to command our troops... and well... we would like you to command in this operation."

Cedric leapt up from utter shock and replied, "M-me? Command?"

"Indeed," Lemur said, "Of course, if you want to, that is. It could be a temporary role as well."

Cedric pondered and replied, "I don't know... General Jackson... and Jayden-"

"Do I need to remind you again?" Snowblossom asked.

Cedric shook his head and replied, "No, I know... it's just, am I really cut out to command? Could I have some time to think on it?"

Juniper pinched her fingers in between her eyes and said, "Time is a rather... *uncertain* thing to give in the heart of war."

"Sure Cedric," Lemur answered, "You may as much time as we are able to give."

"Thank you," Cedric said.

"Queen Galaxy, King Lemur," Fegelein had suddenly stated behind them.

"Herald Fegelein, what is it?" King Lemur asked, "Is she coming?!"

"Not yet, it appears," Fegelein assured, "However, we have spotted some scouts belonging to the Desert Kingdom around the outskirts. An attack may be imminent."

"See," Juniper sighed, "Time isn't something we can assurably give."

"Alright, I'll do it," Cedric interjected.

"What?!" Juniper asked astonishingly.

"I'll command troops," Cedric replied, "In honour of General Jackson. I said I will make things right... and this is how I'm going to do it."

"Alright, are you sure?" Lemur asked, "You can't back out in the middle of battle."

"I'll be honest... I'm not," Cedric said, "But war won't make exceptions for decisions... may I ask one thing of you though, my King?"

"What is it?" Lemur questioned.

"Please. Teach me. Teach me how to be a worthy fighter... a worthy commander."

Cedric got up from where he sat and beamed at Lemur. Lemur rubbed the back of his neck and replied, "I'm sorry Cedric, but I don't think I have the time. We have to ensure everyone is prepared for war."

"Oh," Cedric said melancholically, "I understand."

"However," Lemur added, "I think I know someone who can. Someone even better. My uncle."

"Of course," Lillian said affirmatively, "Lemur's uncle taught him pretty much everything he knows, and not to mention, he's a swordsmaster."

"R-really?" Cedric asked, "Do you think he could?"

"I'm sure of it," Lemur affirmed.

Cedric couldn't help tearing up a bit and replied, "Thank you so much, your Majesties, I promise to not let these kingdoms fall. I'll do whatever I can to keep them safe... keep them all safe."

"Alright Cedric," Lillian replied, "But don't strain yourself either. Pace yourself."

"I will," Cedric assured.

Thus, Cedric left the training grounds, to travel to a village. The village where it all began... Lemur's hometown.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/13) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/15)
