# Chapter 15: The Person Makes the Sword
---

A new day dawned when Cedric had arrived to Lemur's hometown, and ultimately, where everything began.

*It's so surreal,* Cedric thought to himself, *Not only am I going to learn from the one who trained Lemur, Lemur's Uncle, Steve, but I'm going to see where the Surge had started. It was the events that happened in this place that led to the rise of Herobrine... and the Undead that soon followed.*

Cedric's train of thought on the matter was soon intercepted by the recurring flashback of General Jackson and Jayden, moments before their capture, and he grimaced. *I promise to avenge you General Jackson... Jayden... no... I will save you.* Cedric gazed upon the blade of the sword Lemur had gifted him earlier, and examined its sharp edge intently.

*I will learn how to use this sword right. This very sword will reap the fate I desire. The kingdom's eternal protection... and the return of our loved ones... taken by that notorious ruler. The Desert Queen.*

The sword in Cedric's hands gleamed slightly in the sun, and Cedric smiled. He looked up from his sword and was met with the sign standing outside of the village.

"In memory of Nautilius the Portal Mage," Cedric mumbled to himself.

Cedric didn't know much of Nautilius, aside from him being one of the oldest mages to have walked on this earth. He had heard rumours that Nautilius was the first mage to master two traditional magics, as most mages spend their entire lifetime mastering just one. It was truly an honourable feat. Suddenly, two small, peculiar golems outside the village whirred to life and shouted, "Halt!"

Cedric stopped dead in his tracks, and didn't move a muscle. Cedric had never seen sentient golems like these before, and from experience of tempting the unknown before, he decided it's best to follow their instruction.

"I'm sorry," Cedric said, "I was sent to come here by King Lemur, to see-"

"Don't worry," someone suddenly said from afar, "I've been expecting you."

Cedric glanced up at the road ahead, and he saw a man approaching him and the two golems. The man had the spitting image of Herobrine, which made Cedric shudder.

"No I am not him," said the man, "I am Steve Kolachnik. Lemur's uncle."

Cedric sighed, and replied, "Sorry."

Steve rubbed the back of his neck, much like Lemur does and replied, "What I wouldn't do to not look like the murderous demon that was *him.*"

Steve let out an awkward, but hearty laugh, and waved his hand. Suddenly, the golems around Cedric lowered their guard and went back into a resting phase.

"Well are you coming or what?" Steve asked.

Cedric walked alongside Steve, down the quiet, and calmer streets of the village. Cedric couldn't help but to look at everything around him intently, as all the houses and farms gave a feeling of anemoia. He had never lived in this village, but the vibe the place gave off felt like home... felt like he lived there his entire life.

"Uhhhh, sir," Cedric started.

"You can call me Steve, my son," Steve replied.

"Ok, Steve... what were those things back there?"

"They're sentries of the Aether; not from around here. They may seem intelligent, but it's for show. Everyone is considered an enemy unless proven otherwise," Steve answered.

"Oh interesting," Cedric said.

"That's a nice sword you got there," Steve suddenly said.

"Oh thanks, the King, or rather, your nephew made it for me."

"You don't say," Steve answered with slight annoyance in his voice, then continued, "Once you got some whack magic, you can just birth swords like it's nothing."

Cedric pondered for a moment after this remark before inquiring.

"Do you not like-"

"Oh no," Steve said reassuringly, "It's fine, It's just... I think we can all say no one asked for my nephew to become... what he is. It is nice to see he's making the best of it though."

The two had arrived inside a smaller arena, outfitted with tall, gold trimmed doors and vats of lava surrounding it.

"Is this where I'm going to learn how to wield a sword? How to command?" Cedric asked.

Steve shook his head and replied, "Commanding is something you will pick up on your own. When your time comes, you'll be ready. As for sword wielding... well... not quite yet. First you'll be learning with this."

Steve grabbed ahold of a small, but sturdy stick, and handed it to Cedric.

"I'm sorry Steve, but what?" Cedric began, "I came to learn how to use this sword, not twirl sticks!"

"If that's the attitude you will have, my son, then you may leave," Steve said sternly.

"Sorry Steve," Cedric replied, "I'm just... confused on how me using this piece of wood will teach me how to wield this blade."

Steve chuckled lightly and folded his arms.

"It's like I always say. The sword doesn't make the person. The person makes the sword."

"Huh?" Cedric said in confusion.

"You have a lot to learn boy," Steve laughed, then explained, "The weapon you use is a lethal extension to your physical body. In the end, the sword won't do the fighting for you. It is you, that wields the blade. If you can't wield a simple stick, a handle, then you *can't wield the blade.*"

"I think I understand now," Cedric said, as he handed his sword over to Steve, who then gave him the baton.

Steve examined the sword Cedric wielded and swung it around a couple times.

"Interesting. You know, you could tell my nephew my birthday is coming up. I wouldn't mind a sword or two."

Steve laughed once more as he set down the sword, then drew out another. This sword was crystalline in appearance, and the craftsmanship in it appeared godly... as if Hephaestus himself had designed it.

"Alright," Steve began, "I'll be teaching you a few basic moves, then we'll get to more advanced usage later. Then, for your final examination, you will face me in a spar, that will ultimately test your abilities. Understood?"

Cedric nodded his head in approval.

"Alright let's begin!"

Cedric stood on the other side of the arena, watching in awe of Steve's swordsmanship, and studying his movements extensively. Each slash, swing and thrust were performed with such grace and fluency, it was like watching an inspiring performance... in fact, it was an inspiring performance.

"Alright, you got that?" Steve inquired across the arena.

"Uhhh, I think so," Cedric replied.

"Let's give it a shot then."

Cedric moved towards the center of the arena and took a deep breath. He then mimicked each and every movement that Steve performed to near-perfect accuracy. Once he finished, he turned to Steve, who eyed him closely.

"Did I do well?" Cedric asked.

Steve rubbed his chin with thought, and answered, "You didn't do too bad for the first lesson. I can see why Lemur had handed you over to me to teach, however you did have some flaws in your stances and movement."

"Oh," Cedric stated.

"You see, you should open your body at a forty-five degree angle. It would provide you with more support to attack from and to withstand opponent attacks. You would be balanced better this way. As for movement, do more. Standing still is asking for a death sentence from the opponent. Utilize your surroundings, and use your legs!"

Cedric listened to Steve's pointers and tried the lesson again. This time, Cedric shown great improvement, and Steve said, "There you go, my son! Well done!"

Cedric brushed the hair past his eye and replied, "Thanks."

"Now onto the next lesson, defending yourself. The easiest thing to do is to step back to avoid an attack, however, be weary that if your opponent is quick, they can use that opportunity to stab you. Another method is to block or parry the attack with your sword. Then there is the final method, which is to counter-attack."

Steve then demonstrated each defensive maneuver to Cedric, and Cedric imitated them. After satisfying Steve, they continued training and lessons throughout the day before taking a break in the afternoon. After sitting in the bleachers, Cedric noticed a couple paintings on the wall across from it. Cedric got up from his spot and examined the pictures.

"Is this you and your brother?" Cedric asked.

Steve got up from his seat and joined Cedric before answering, "It was yes. These paintings were done moments before we arrived here on the Overworld all those years ago. They were done outside of Amberoot Woods."

Cedric couldn't help but to be in awe of the expertly made paintings, and the scenery it depicted within. Not many people get the opportunity to see the Aether, unless they had strong ties to it, or had perished in the living plane. Just viewing the depiction of such places seemed like such an honour.

"Do you miss the Aether?" Cedric asked.

Steve thought to himself and replied, "I could go back at anytime. In fact, I do frequently visit it, but I honestly miss Brine more."

"Don't you get to see him in the Aether though?" Cedric asked, "Since he's passed on, wouldn't he be there?"

Steve sighed and replied melancholically, "Unfortunately, due to his immediate contact with Herobrine, and the Nether curse, he wouldn't be able to reside in the Aether or Heaven... but since he was also one of the Aether's people, he wouldn't be able to stay in the Nether or Hell either. He spends his afterlife in what we call Purgatory."

"Purgatory?" Cedric questioned.

"It's not a dimension anyone could visit, and some question if it's truly existant," Steve answered, "Purgatory is depicted as the final place a soul could go. A place where everything changes constantly... a place where you remain in a dying state for eternity."

"I'm sorry to hear," Cedric said sympathetically, "That sounds awful."

"That's why I wish Lemur didn't get effected by that mistake we made," Steve cried, "Like Brine, if he dies, there is a great chance that Lemur will meet that same place. Maybe even his descendants if the curse continues further."

Cedric was shocked. He didn't even consider the repercussions that the curse could have on the afterlife or the future of the Kolachnik bloodline. The idea of living in a limbo between life and death forever sounded dreadful.

"I'll do whatever I can possibly do to ensure that doesn't happen," Cedric expressed.

Steve wiped tears from his eyes and answered, "Death is inevitable, but I appreciate your gesture in preventing it. Let's finish up today's session and work on this again tomorrow."

Steve walked over to the center of the arena and Cedric agreed, then followed.

"A couple pointers for attacking," Steve explained, "Avoid stabbing movements and lifting your arms over your head. These motions will leave you most vulnerable, and invites a killing strike on you. Only go for a stab when your opponent is vulnerable, but use it sparingly. That is all I have you for today. Tomorrow, you will be wielding your sword and practicing the same stuff we did today."

"Thank you for your wisdom and time," Cedric replied.

Steve led Cedric to a building where he could spend the night, before heading home himself. Cedric laid his sword against the weapon rack inside, and then went to sleep.

**Meanwhile...**

"They're amassing outside our walls, an attack will be coming, and it will be soon!" Juniper shouted at the Royals in the discussion hall of Lapis Kingdom.

"We know Princess Juniper," Lemur said, "the number of scouts we've dispatched have only been growing in numbers. We're beginning to even lose some allies to them in combat."

"How much longer do you plan on waiting it out?" Juniper asked, "Tell me King Lemur, are we going to bring the fight to them anytime soon, or will we keep letting them take down our ranks slowly!? Answer!"

"I don't know!" Lemur exclaimed as he slammed his fist into the table. The sheer strength of his slam caused a few cracks to splinter in the otherwise solid table.

"We might need you to do it," Scarlet admitted, "Princess Juniper is right, we need to act soon. We can't wait around until we're all picked off. We need you to assault the Desert Kingdom."

"Agreed," Snowblossom added, "Queen Galaxy, King Lemur. I know you want everyone to be ready... but we can't all be ready if we're already dead. Cedric would be a waste of time if we had to all die before he was prepared."

"Let's all calm down," Lillian stated, "We understand the risks of sitting idle, but we can't fight if we aren't ready for one."

"And we can't fight if we're dead!" Juniper exclaimed, "The way I'm seeing it now is that, as a *union*, the majority rules. Lemur, we need to assault them NOW!"

"I'm not having this, I'll be back," Lemur replied as he left the union room. Lillian followed him shortly after and found him on a balcony, where he shouted to the point where fire exploded out of his mouth.

"You alright?" Lillian asked.

"I'm fine," Lemur grumbled, "I just needed to let off some steam."

"Or fire in your case," Lillian jested.

Lemur couldn't help but to chuckle a bit after that remark and said, "I know they're right, and I know you know they are right."

"Indeed they are," Lillian replied sadly.

"Kaīta is even letting off on me for postponing such a task."

Lillian touched Lemur's shoulder sympathetically, and said, "You know, you never really tell me how Kaīta effects you. Would you like to?"

Lemur sighed and answered, "Kaīta and I usually get along, which is why I don't speak much of him... it's just events like this that makes it feel like I'm being attacked from the outside and within. One second please."

Lemur turned away from Lillian quickly and a demonic shout escaped Lemur's mouth, followed by a steady stream of fire. Once he finished, he turned back to Lillian.

"I'm sorry that I can't help you," Lillian replied, "I wish there was something I could do to help."

Lemur embraced Lillian with his arm and said, "You don't need to be sorry, as you are already a great deal of help. You're always there when I need you, and when I need to talk. I should ask, how is it like, with Achelois?"

Lillian giggled, "Since Achelois and my soul are bound, we don't have fights. We get along well, though we never really 'talk'. It's more of a feeling. If she had to talk, it would be the first time I hear her voice."

"Oh, I see," Lemur replied.

"So then... what will we do?" Lillian asked.

Lillian and Lemur returned to the discussion room, where Lemur had stated, "Sorry for that."

"I mean, you wasted more time, but other than that it's fine," Juniper replied.

"So what are we doing?" Snowblossom asked.

"What do you mean, what are we doing?" Juniper asked, "Our decision has higher votes than theirs!"

"Please settle down," Lillian said, "It's been decided."

Lemur added, "When tomorrow comes... I will set the kingdom ablaze. Tomorrow is the day we strike."





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/14) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/16)
