# Chapter 16: Counterstrike
---

Cedric had been awakened early the next day by Steve to begin the extensive lessons with his sword. It was still dark out, however, the streets were dimly lit by the torch lamps lining the sidewalks, and the arena had been lit up with a few torches and the lava that resided within it.

"Alright Cedric," Steve said, "Are you ready to wield your sword?"

Cedric yawned lightly and exclaimed, "Yes, I can't wait!"

Cedric glanced at the sword in his hands and smiled. The sword then gleamed back, which had somewhat confused Cedric. *It gleamed again, but it's still dark out. Did I imagine that? Maybe the light given off from the torches or lava had something to do with it... however I didn't think they were bright enough to give off such a bright reflection.*

Cedric and Steve began the sessions with a few warm ups to awaken themselves more, then moved onto practicing basic defensive and offensive movements between them.

"Make sure you balance your slashes on all sides," Steve lectured, "Watch how you drop on your right."

"Alright, I'll keep that in mind," Cedric replied as he continued the practice attacks against Steve.

The two kept at it for hours at a time until Yin suddenly morphed into the arena from thin air.

"Yin!" Steve exclaimed, startled, "Don't do that! Nearly gave me a heart attack!"

"My bad," Yin said.

"What is it Yin?" Cedric requested.

"I was told to notify you that the war is about to begin."

"WHAT!?" Cedric exclaimed, "What do you mean!?"

"Look, don't shoot the messenger," Yin expressed, "I'm just saying a discussion was held amongst the royal leaders last night and the majority favoured Lemur to assault the Desert Kingdom today."

"Wait, wait, wait," Steve replied, "War? Lemur is going to assault the what? I swear that kid needs to keep me posted on this information!"

"It wasn't in his best interest," Yin stated, "Galaxy and him wanted to wait it out longer, but due to the rising deaths and scouts being discovered, the decision was made."

Cedric clenched his fist and yelled, "Damn it! I have to get there now!"

"Woah woah woah," Steve interjected, "You aren't going anywhere. You haven't completed your training!"

"I'm sorry Steve, the war calls, and I have to respond. They are entrusting me to command them! They're counting on me!"

"My boy, you haven't got enough experience yet! You'll die as soon as you step foot onto that battlefield!"

"They can and will appoint another commander," Yin said, "If you need the time, it's understandable and they understand."

"Who's the fill-in?" Cedric asked.

Yin stuttered a bit and then replied, "Erm... The fill-in commander would be Princess Juniper. She does have the fighting experience, however, I personally don't like it. I doubt all the kingdoms will listen to her."

"No need to worry," Cedric replied, "She will not command. I will make it there. Yin please teleport me over there immediately!"

"No you won't!" Steve exclaimed as he stepped in between Yin and Cedric, "I can't have you waste your life in a battle you aren't ready for!"

Cedric, without hesitation, raised his sword and got into a fighting stance, and Steve chuckled.

"Oh, so you're going to fight me then?" Steve said amusingly.

"If this is what it takes to prove I am ready... to prove my worth, and to aid in this war, I will fight you," Cedric stated.

Cedric's sword glimmered lightly in response to Cedric's valour, and Steve laughed as he got into a fighting stance with his diamond sword.

"Alright then, bring it on boy!"

...

Lemur stood on the balcony overlooking the northern side of the Lapis Kingdom, peering out into the horizon. He took a deep breath and transformed into his demonic form, and was later met by Lillian on the balcony.

"So we're really doing this," Lillian replied.

Lemur sighed and said deeply, "I guess so. Did you get any word from Yin or Cedric?"

Lillian shook her head and Lemur sighed again. "Tell Princess Juniper to prepare the troops."

"Can't we wait a bit longer?" Lillian asked.

"Lillian, I'm afraid not," Lemur answered, "Trust me, I want Cedric to be the one to lead them... but he isn't here. He understands the risks of joining this battle unprepared... I think he's sitting this one out."

"Not necessarily," Lillian said, "He might be running late. Who knows what's going on over there. Yin may have not even arrived yet to spill the news."

"I doubt it," Lemur stated, "Yin knew the urgency of this message, and I am sure he made it there."

"Then maybe it's something else. Maybe Steve won't let him come yet."

"That might be likely, but whatever the reason, I have to do this now... before the Desert Kingdom wakes."

Lillian sighed and gave Lemur a hug.

"Good luck."

Lemur nodded his head and leapt off the balcony before firing himself in the direction Polar had said the kingdom resided in. The soldiers lined the streets below him and applauded at the sight of him.

*I'm sorry Cedric,* Lemur thought to himself, *We've run out of time.*

Within moments of high-speed flight, he spotted the sandy kingdom below him. He halted in his path, and stopped thinking about everything, and kept a single thought in his mind.

*Now... we FIGHT!*

Lemur then summoned several balls of fire around him... and like a rainy day... showered them onto the Desert Kingdom.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/15) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/17)
