# Chapter 18: Rise of the Desert Queen
---

Lemur saw the Lapis Kingdom just over the horizon when he decided to glance over his shoulder. Behind him, in the distance, he saw a large dust storm brewing out of nowhere, which indicated to him that the Desert Kingdom was riling up for a large-scale attack. He landed in the grassy clearing where soldiers, assassins and allies alike, were staged for the incoming battle. The battle which all hope, to be the battle that ends the war.

"They're coming in hot!" Lemur exclaimed, "Prepare yourself!"

Soldiers began getting to an offensive battle stance, in preparation for the onslaught that was mere moments away. Ranged bowmen and gunners took their places behind the front lines of soldiers and had charged their bows and armed their guns.

"Is the queen coming with them?" Snowblossom asked.

Lemur shrugged his shoulders and answered, "I don't know for sure. I definitely pissed her off, but I can't confirm that she will be present."

"I'll know she's here when I see her," Polar said to Lemur, "Let's hope that these communicators work."

Harris overheard the group and added, "I've been working on them communicators to work similar to Jake's prosthetic. Voice information can be relayed... however, I'm not too sure how well it will perform within the sand they wield."

Polar sighed and replied, "That's fine, she will most definitely be the most regal enemy on this battlefield, so you will know it's her when you spot her."

The blowing winds of the sandstorm drew closer and closer, with the whistling becoming abundantly clear.

"Have Yin or Cedric returned yet?" Lemur asked Lillian.

Lillian shook her head and Lemur sighed. Flecks of sand began to blow in the air around them when Juniper formally walked to the front lines.

"Alright soldiers! Listen up!" Juniper exclaimed, "Don't forget they have our allies in there, so avoid the killshot unless absolutely necessary! There will be tears. There will be bloodshed and losses... but don't forget what we're fighting for! You got that!?"

The soldiers roared mildly in response, and at this point, the sandstorm was nearly on top of them. Juniper whipped out her arm and shouted, "ATTACK!"

The sandstorm had engulfed the clearing, which reduced visibility greatly as the Lapis Union fought blindly against the Desert Kingdom. Shrieks of agony and bloodlust cut through the sandy fog, followed by the clashing of metal, arrows whizzing and the hissing wind enveloping them.

Lemur dashed past the ranged soldiers with Lillian and morphed into his demonic state. He began lashing waves of fire on the ground between the enemies and the allies, to maintain space. Lillian blasted through the thick sandstorm alongside Lemur, with her scepter. Every time she shot a moonbeam, it temporarily illuminated traumatic scenes of death and war, before it darkened back into the clouds beyond.

"This isn't ideal!" Lemur shouted, while fighting the enemy, "I can't tell who's the enemy and who's one of our own!"

"I can provide some visibility," Lillian stated as she shot another moonbeam, "but it's not much in these conditions!"

In the distance, Lillian and Lemur caught glimpse of Yang, who was using his powers of light to regain some visibility in the battle, and put anyone he could grab by the head into a deep slumber, by inducing sleep upon them.

"Yang!" Lillian shouted, before she bashed an enemy with her scepter, "Are you able to disperse this dust?!"

Yang swept his leg under two enemies before grabbing a third one and putting them to sleep.

"I'm in the same boat as you, Queen Galaxy," Yang exclaimed, "My light can disperse the darkness, but it won't do much with the sand."

"We must keep fighting!!!" Juniper exclaimed from afar, "We can beat them!"

Juniper grabbed an enemy rogue by the arm they used to thrust, and swung them into the other ones around her. Soldiers began petering from Juniper's command and retreated behind the front lines, due to their willpower diminishing, and the difficulty this battle possessed.

"What are you doing!?" Juniper exclaimed, "Get back here!!!"

Suddenly, a sword flung down within inches of Juniper's face, and she could barely make out who it was before she realized.

"Cynthia..." Juniper muttered.

Suddenly a spear whizzed by her head from behind, and she could already guess that the culprit was Serena. Juniper blocked another strike from Cynthia, and kicked her to the ground before she whipped around and smacked Serena's legs with her spear. Cynthia aggressively yelped as she jumped up and darted at Juniper with her sword outstretched. Juniper sighed and dodged her attack.

"I'm sorry."

Lemur and Lillian fought side by side, pushing their way through the waves of enemies before they spotted Juniper fighting Cynthia and Serena.

"Juniper! We have to fall back!" Lemur replied, "There's no winning this without killing them!"

Juniper growled at Lemur with emotion and said, "THEN KILL THEM!"

Juniper swung the sharp end of her spear at Cynthia's legs, and stabbed Serena.

"Juniper! Check yourself!!!" Lillian exclaimed.

"You can heal them anyhow, right Galaxy!?" Juniper exclaimed.

"Not if they die!!!"

Yang darted into where Juniper was, and struck an enemy on the head with his foot... then he reached down to Serena and Cynthia and put them to sleep.

"Queen Galaxy!" Yang shouted.

Lillian turned into her Goddess form and healed Cynthia and Serena.

"Thanks," Juniper sighed when another enemy soldier lunged at her from behind. Juniper grasped onto the soldier's swinging arm and flung them into the ground in front of her. Before the soldier could get up, she thwacked them in the head with the handle of her spear, knocking them out cold.

"Princess Juniper!!!" Lemur yelled.

Juniper grimaced before she finally shrieked, "FALL BACK!!!"

The allied forces began dashing back, behind the front lines, with the enemy closing in on many. Screams of death curtled the metallic-smelling air, and the enemy appeared to be taking control of the battle. They were breaking through their defenses when suddenly, a distant yell was heard, followed by a blinding light. Just like that, the veil of sand vanished, and standing there... was Cedric and Yin.

"What is the meaning of this!?" The enemy screeched.
Allied soldiers and the enemy were in utter shock. The sandstorm had completely vanished, as if it never existed to begin with... and now, completely visible to all, the enemy was vast. Several enemy soldiers preyed upon the fleeing, and many bled through the front lines.

"Cedric, Yin!" Lillian and Lemur exclaimed, "You made it!"

Cedric pointed out his sword at the enemy and exclaimed, "The fight isn't over! The Union shall not fall today!!!"

Most of the allied soldiers continued to flee, while a few listened to Cedric, and Cedric sighed.

"Yin, take me near the front lines, if you may,"

"Alright hotshot," Yin teased as he grabbed onto Cedric's arm and ported him directly behind the front lines.

Cedric began slicing through the enemy with his glowing white sword like butter, however, instead of the enemy being cut into two as one would expect, they simply fell to the ground unconscious. Lapis Union civilians watched Cedric and Yin fight valiantly. They were amazed how Cedric could take on these enemies, practically on his own, and have his willpower not falter.

"Cedric, I see," the enemy hissed, "The fool that stepped into our kingdom, now fighting solely amongst us. How do you stand a chance?"

Cedric scoffed and shouted as he sliced through a few more soldiers, "You won't be breaking me! You make slaves... I make allies! We aren't destined to fall today... we are destined to eradicate the likes of you off this Overworld, and that is exactly what we're going to do!"

"Such blind courage!" The enemies screeched as numerous began to target Cedric, while some charged behind the front lines to attack cowering civilians.

Suddenly, Juniper returned to the front lines to aid Cedric in the oncoming wave of enemies.

"You're insane doing this with nearly no one," Juniper growled, "And I don't mind that."

Soon, Lemur and Lillian joined them, along with more and more Union soldiers.

"Soldiers! Take out the ones behind the front lines!" Cedric exclaimed as he swung his sword through the soldiers piling on top of him, "Yin!!! Give them a taste of their own medicine!"

"On it!" Yin exclaimed back, as he conjured an immense cloud of darkness over the battlefield. Cedric gripped his sword tight and yelled, "Fatespeaker! Be the light that carves the path through the darkness!"

Cedric's sword glowed faintly, and the allied forces could suddenly see through the darkness that Yin manifested around them. This was their chance.

Soldiers charged valiantly through the front lines into no man's land, and attacked the enemy soldiers... either by making them unable to move, or by knocking them out. Cedric had still been fighting when he heard Queen Nile shout something that he couldn't make out. After she finished, the enemies responded by spotting them easily.

"What happened? They can see us now!" Juniper exclaimed.

"It's alright, we can still do this!!!" Cedric exclaimed.

Suddenly, Cedric had been met by General Jackson and Jayden, who engaged combat with him.

"I've been expecting you," Cedric said sadly, "I'm sorry... but it doesn't matter who you are, you'll all fall the same."

Cedric dodged General Jackson's axe swing, and deflected Jayden's arrows. He leapt onto the axe Jackson was wielding, flipped and sliced his nape, before slicing Jayden down the sternum.

Lemur, Lillian and Polar were fighting along the western side of no man's land with Snowblossom, Yang and Scarlet. They used their combined strengths to subdue the enemy, and put them into sleep, or freeze them solid. Lemur glanced up as he took down another soldier, and saw a taller woman with all sorts of jewelry on and a green dress. She simply stood and watched, though it looked like her mind was focused on other things.

"Polar, is that?" Lemur asked.

Polar looked where Lemur did and affirmed. "No doubt about it, it's her."

"Be careful Lemur," Lillian said, "She could control your mind if she touches you."

"I'm aware, thanks though," Lemur replied.

Lemur held his hand in front of him and conjured a ball of fire before launching it at the woman. the woman must've heard the crackling it gave off, or felt it's approaching heat, as she immediately leapt aside.

"Ahhhhh," the woman said, "I see you found me... and I found you... demon. Lemur. Very well."

The woman suddenly darted towards Lemur with her arm charged for a stab attack. Lemur threw himself into the air and lashed a wave of fire at her legs. She grimaced at the searing pain, but whipped herself around and shot a stream of sand from her hand. Lemur met her sand stream with one of fire, and knowing she was in trouble, Queen Nile had jumped backwards and then grabbed ahold of one of her bracelets.

"I enchant this bracelet to disable Lemur's demonic power!" Queen Nile shouted as she threw the bracelet at him.

Lemur scoffed at the remark she made, but was suddenly met with shock as his demon suddenly dissipated. He fell from the sky as his human form, and groaned in pain.

"LEMUR!" Lillian shouted as she pushed aside the enemies and shot a moonbeam at Queen Nile.

"I enchant this other bracelet to block out interference from these pests, I'll get to them later," Queen Nile spat as she flung another one of her bracelets onto the ground.

Lillian's moonbeam approached her quickly, however, within a few metres, it almost seemed it collided into an invisible barrier.

"I see," Lemur said as he got up, "Your power is far greater than simply sand wielding, or mind reading."

Queen Nile chuckled regally and Lemur continued.

"It's vocifery, and your jewelry isn't just for show, it's your method of using it. It's your arsenal of weapons."

"What can I say? Queen Nile said, "I love my jewelry, but I love it that much more when it can do what I ask it to."

"You missed one detail," Lemur added.

"And what would that be," Queen Nile spat.

Lemur conjured a fireball in his hand and Queen Nile gasped, "What!? I disabled your demonic power!"

Lemur laughed and said, "I'm a firebender."

He flung fireball after fireball into Queen Nile, catching her on fire, and she wailed in agony. She fell backwards and Lemur kept whipping fireballs at her.

"YOU'LL PAY!" Queen Nile shrieked, "YOU'LL ALL FALL!"

Suddenly, Queen Nile's body shifted and contorted in front of Lemur. Lemur stepped back, but continued to use his firebending to attempt to kill the malevolent queen... however, the fireballs almost seemed to lose effectiveness completely. She grew in size and scales sprouted over her fair skin. Her dress tore apart and she broke the barrier that she had summoned earlier, do to her size. Lemur glanced up at her head with some dread in his eyes.

Her face narrowed, and then split into three separate heads, and it wasn't before long that Lemur stood in front of the monster she really was. A hydra.

"PERISH!" She roared across the battlefield.

"LEMUR!" Lillian shouted as she began to sprint to him.

It was too late though. One of Queen Nile's heads swung downwards and bit Lemur's shoulder. Lemur was lifted into the sky before being flung into the ground beneath him. Lillian rushed to his side, and Cedric soon joined her as Queen Nile focused her attacks on the allies around them. Venom from the bite spread through Lemur like wildfire, and it was obvious that Lemur endured several shattered bones.

"You'll be alright," Lillian said, as she began to quickly heal Lemur.

Everything went according to her plan, until it suddenly stopped working.

"What?" Why isn't it working?!" Lillian exclaimed in disbelief, with tears in her eyes.

Her healing seemed to have had an effect on Lemur's broken bones, however, when it came to the venom, it was no use. It continued to spread, as evident by the blackened veins it left behind its ravaging path to destruction.

"Come on, work! WORK!" Lillian said as she continued to try healing Lemur.

Cedric grasped onto Lillian's hands and pulled her aside.

"CEDRIC! STOP!!! I HAVE TO SAVE HIM!" Lillian shouted with several emotions flowing through her.

"It's no use my Queen!" Cedric exclaimed, "He's dead!"

Lillian bashed Cedric with her scepter and rushed back to Lemur and felt for a pulse. There was none. Lillian broke down in tears over Lemur's body; the venom teasing her as it continued to spread up Lemur's neck and face, and along his chest. Cedric approached Lillian as calm as he could and spoke.

"My Queen, I'm sorry... but we can still win this battle. For him. In honour of him."

Cedric tried to hold back his tears, but failed, and choked out, "It wasn't meant to be this way, but we have to avenge him! We have to defeat her!"

Screams of agony and dread echoed around them, followed by beams of fire and sand. Lillian wiped tears from her eyes and shouted, "YANG!"

Yang heard her call and ported to her and replied, "What is it my-"

He saw Lemur's lifeless corpse lay before him and felt overcome with emotion.

"It can't be."

"Yang," Lillian sobbed, "Take Lemur's body back to the Lapis Kingdom."

Yang was in utter disbelief and melancholically replied, "Alright Queen Galaxy."

Yang lifted Lemur up in his arms and began to feel tears trickle down his face.

"I wondered what it would be like to cry... I didn't want it to be this way."

He teleported himself and Lemur away and Galaxy got up from her kneeling position.

"Sorry Cedric, for hitting you," Lillian replied.

"It's alright, it was understandable," Cedric said.

The hydra behind them roared and continued to blast flames and carnage across the battlefield.

"For Lemur," Lillian said between sobs, "FOR LEMUR!"

She whipped out her scepter and condensed her moonbeams, making them more powerful, but at the cost of less surface area to cover. Cedric sighed and exclaimed, "FOR THE KING, FATESPEAKER!!!"

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/17) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/19)
