# Chapter 19: Elysium
---

Lemur opened his eyes slowly and weakly. His vision was fuzzy, but what little he could make out didn't seem to be the battlefield he was once in. He sat upright and surveyed the area. All he could see were fuzzy shapes of blues and whites.

"Where... Where am I?" Lemur asked out loud.

"Why, you are in the Aether, my boy," an unknown voice boomed.

"The... Aether? Who are you? Show yourself!"

Lemur's vision suddenly cleared and what he saw was astonishing. There he sat, upon a massive, sturdy cloud. The area he sat on seemed to be a cobbled path towards two large, magnificent golden gates, guarded by two giants that towered over him. They were dressed in robes and clothes that seemed ancient in design, but the materials looked as if it were made yesterday. One had wavy silver hair, with silver coloured eyes behind a large set of glasses, while the other had blond hair with dashing blue eyes that was comparable to Lapis Lazuli itself. As Lemur's gaze shifted downwards, he nearly jumped out of his skin at the sight in front of him. Metres away, was a translucent box made of what appeared to be holy light, housing a sinister demon of fire. It clearly looked uncomfortable, as it lashed and snarled at the box around it, but it was unable to break free. It was like a caged animal.

"I am Aether, and this is Apollo," said the giant with wavy silver hair.

"Wait wait wait," Lemur asked, "You said I'm in-- and you're--"

The two giants chuckled.

"You may know us better as Gods," Aether replied, "I am the one who governs this domain, hence it's name."

Lemur was in shock again, then quickly asked, "Why am I here?"

Apollo sighed and answered, "You passed away valiantly in the Overworld."

"WHAT!?" Lemur exclaimed, "Where's Lillian!? I need to get back there!!!"

"You're dead," Aether said, "You can't go back."

Lemur wanted to cry, but for some reason couldn't. It was like he didn't have the organs required to tear up.

"I can't just abandon them like this," Lemur sulked, "Not after everything we've done... everything he have yet to accomplish. A war is going on down there and I-"

"Death is like that," Apollo interjected, "It's very seldom that a soul can choose when it departs, and when that time comes, it always feels like you didn't do enough in the lifetime you were given."

The giants suddenly shrunk down to about Lemur's height and approached him sympathetically.

"We're here to aid you in moving onto the next life," Aether stated.

"My next life?" Lemur asked, "My next life resides... here?"

"It could, however, there is... an elephant of a problem with that," Apollo said as he gestured to the demon screeching in the cage behind him.

"Is that..."

"It is," Aether informed, "That is your curse... or rather, what the curse gave you. That is who you call 'Kaīta'."

"You see, young Lemur," Apollo said, "You belong in the Aether... always did. Your ancestors and their ancestors resided among us, and had done great deeds in the Kolachnik family name. Even you. I mean, you did solve the century long struggle between the Aether and Nether Kingdoms. This is where you're meant to be."

"But the issue is Kaīta... isn't it?" Lemur asked.

The two nodded their heads.

"We can't permit a demon beyond these gates, even if it were tamed," Aether said gravely, "It can and will cause havoc across all the realms, shifting the balance, and we can't risk that."

"So then why am I offered the chance to reside here, if a demon is attached to me?"

Suddenly it hit Lemur.

"You don't need to live with this anymore," Aether said, "You can finally be free of the curse's stranglehold on your life. All you need to do is *kill it.*"

Lemur was filled to the brim with emotions. He could finally be free of the curse that plagued him all these years. The curse that caused tensions between friends and enemies alike. He could live a life without sharing his mind and body with a demon and live a normal life amongst the clouds. All he had to do was kill the very demon he lived with.

"What about my father, Brine," Lemur replied, "Steve came here, and Brine wasn't here. He never was. Why wasn't he given that chance."

Aether looked saddened and replied, "You know we would've given him that chance if he could've been. Due to the curse being latched onto his very soul... we couldn't receive him."

"You're just effected by the curse," Apollo added, "He was the barer. Those are two completely different instances. As the curse only effects you, we can remove the deviation rather simply. The barer, Brine... his soul was tainted and irreparable."

Lemur stood there in silence, looking at the white ground beneath him. He accepted the answer Aether and Apollo gave him and asked, "Ok, and what do I have to do to kill the demon?"

Apollo handed Lemur a bright dagger, and replied, "One stab of this, and it's all over. It's already vulnerable in that cage of light... you just need to deliver the fatal blow. Good luck."

Lemur approached Kaīta slowly, feeling hopeful to be free, but then memories began to flood his mind. Memories of all the bad times he's had with the fire demon... but also all of the better times he's had. The moments in his life where Kaīta was a really big help... moments that, without Kaīta's presence, he would've died in. He was finally standing face-to-face with the fire demon and he held the light dagger above his head. Kaīta instinctively snarled at the presence of the holy light the dagger emanated and tried to back up from it, only to be met with the wall behind him. Lemur held the dagger still, and glared at his demon; his hand trembling. Finally, he charged into the cage, but what he did next, was surprising.

Lemur flung the dagger aside and reached in for Kaīta, and embraced him in a hug. The demon glared at Lemur in shock.

"I'm sorry Aether, Apollo," Lemur said, "But I refuse to kill Kaīta."

"What why!?" Aether exclaimed, "He's a demon!"

"I don't see reason to hate him," Lemur replied, "After all we've been through. Both the good and the bad, we grew up together. We lived together. Killing him would be like killing a friend, or brother, and I can't do that."

Kaīta became relieved in Lemur's grasp, while Aether and Apollo stared at Lemur wide-eyed.

"Damn it, you win again Aether," Apollo said grumpily.

"Huh?" Lemur asked.

The cage around Lemur and Kaīta faded away, and Kaīta had returned to Lemur once more.

"I had a feeling you'd choose to keep him alive," Aether replied.

"So wait, you were testing me!?" Lemur asked.

"Well... I guess you could call it that," Apollo answered.

"We had to give this option just in case," Aether added, "Even knowing the risks, you still chose to stick by the demon. We weren't too sure if you'd do it, but it looks like I was right."

"So... what now?" Lemur asked, "I'm no use to you here, with a demon at my side."

"We do have a preposition," Aether started, "We would like to know if you would be willing to be our Protector of Peace."

"Protector of Peace?" Lemur questioned.

Apollo informed, "We have an organization named the Demigod's Association, which is comprised of Guardian Spirits. These spirits exist to protect the realms from devastation and disarray."

"Guardian Spirits... You mean Yin and Yang are--"

"They indeed are," Aether interjected, "Yin, Yang, and Visi are part of this Association. Yin and Yang are the Protectors of Balance, while Visi is the Protector of Unity."

"Of course," Apollo continued, "Being a Guardian Spirit or 'Protector' means you can return to the mortal plane. It also means immortality as well... however, due to your human connection, you're susceptible to death by your direct descendants or yourself. Surely you understand the consequences if you die."

"I will join my father... in Purgatory," Lemur said.

"Indeed," Aether affirmed, "You can change your mind and kill the demon if you'd like, but once we return you to the mortal plane, there's no going back."

Lemur didn't take any time in thinking over his choice and answered, "No. I must go back. They're all in grave danger if I don't do anything. I accept your offer."

"Very well. A noble soul you are," Apollo said formally, "Lemur, you are officially the Protector of Peace. Good luck in the battles you are about to face, and the ones yet to come. May the Aether and the Divine watch over you both."

"Thanks," Lemur replied, "Thanks for everything. I won't fail you."

Aether waved his hand in a twirling motion before directing it straight down, and just like that, Lemur fell through the clouds.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/18) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/20)
