# Chapter 2: Looming Cloud of Doom
---

"What do you mean gone?" Lemur asked.

Juniper rushed up to Lemur, grabbed him by his jacket, and lifted him by it, and replied, with tears in her eyes, "THERE'S NOTHING LEFT OF IT! IT'S ALL GONE! THE ENTIRE KINGDOM FELL!!!"

"Alright, let's calm down," Galaxy said, "Princess Juniper, please unhand Lemur and let's get you all inside in the safety of our walls."

Juniper dropped Lemur to the ground and apologized. Then they all entered the kingdom, and furthermore, into the castle, to discuss the events that had happened in Forest Kingdom. Lemur had notified the other rulers involved in the Lapis Union on the urgent matters and they had all met up in an enormous living room.

At this moment, Yang had been roaming the castle halls, and noticed the gathering and asked, "What's going on?"

Galaxy got up from her chair and replied, "Yang, something has come up in another kingdom. Could you please get Princess Juniper over here something to drink if you may."

Yang looked over to see the dismayed Princess Juniper and immediately put his hands over his eyes, as if he looked at a blinding light.

"Are you alright?" Galaxy asked.

"Y-yes," Yang answered, "I will get the Princess something. Real quick!"

Yang bolted out of the room, with his hand over his eyes, and Galaxy paced back into the room.

"Alright, I have Yang getting you something to drink," Galaxy said softly, "In the meanwhile, could you tell us what happened?"

Juniper nodded and began.

"We were in the Forest Kingdom. Everything was going fine as usual. Everyone was doing their daily, respectful duties and playing their respective roles... then it started-"

"Pardon me, I got something as quickly as I could get it!"

Yang was in the doorway, holding a plate with a handled cup on it. He handed it to Juniper and said, "This is green tea. A sort of... drink we had made back in Běn Dé Village. Enjoy!"

Juniper smiled slightly at the sight of the tea, and grasped the handle.

"Thank you... uhhhh Ya-"

Then Juniper stopped as she looked up at Yang's face, and from his eyes, tears of blood ran down from them.

"ARE YOU ALRIGHT!?" Juniper exclaimed, "YOUR EYES!"

Lemur noticed too and exclaimed, "Your eyes... they're bleeding!"

Yang wiped his eyes and replied, "It's nothing, just a spirit thing."

Everyone calmed down when he said that, and Yang left the room to allow the Union to speak privately once more.

"Please continue Princess Juniper, the Forest Kingdom is a very close neighbour to the Stone Kingdom... which means that the danger that took Forest Kingdom is on our doorsteps," Queen Scarlet said.

Juniper shuddered and took a sip of the tea.

"This stuff isn't too bad." she said, then she continued.

"Where was I? Ah yes... then it started... A few of my scouts, from the far north of the Kingdom reported an ominous cloud looming over the horizon. Within a couple minutes after that, the cloud was even visible from the centre of the Forest Kingdom, where we were... and it was approaching us. It was moving much too fast to alert the people north of the Kingdom, and even alert the entire Kingdom. I shouted to brace yourselves, and in that moment's time... the cloud had engulfed the kingdom. A dense cloud of sand, was what it was... endless sand..."

"Then what?" Lemur questioned.

"Then it was the screaming," Juniper replied, "The screams of clueless children... and... the screams of people getting murdered."

"Murdered!?" Princess Snowblossom exclaimed.

"Murdered," repeated Juniper, "The people within the cloud... all of us... were attacked. The cloud itself was an attack. I began to notice corpses littering the paths in the Kingdom... corpses who have been mutilated by whatever was attacking us. It was at this time, I exclaimed to evacuate, as we were being attacked... I led the evacuation party. Some of the members in the party, I had saved from the onslaught."

"Saved from the onslaught?" Galaxy echoed, "Do you mean-"

"I came face to face... with the people that attacked us."

"People!?" Lemur exclaimed.

"Yes," Juniper replied, "But these weren't ordinary people... they were much stronger than the average person... much stronger than even someone above average... their strength was otherworldly... and their eyes... all of them... glowed an unnatural blue. And when they spoke... it was one voice... but in several bodies."

"What did they say?" Galaxy asked calmly.

"They said... 'I was right. There were people here... A kingdom. They aren't the powerful people we expected. More have to exist to cause a power wave like that. Claim this kingdom as ours... our territory... I will scope the area.'"

"Then what?" Lemur asked.

"Then they noticed me. They immediately... picked me out as the ruler of the kingdom... and waves upon waves of these blue eyed people started to approach... they wielded blades... but they also wielded... the sand itself."

"The sand itself?" Princess Snowblossom asked.

"You don't mean," Lemur started.

"It was a lot like it yes," Juniper replied, "A lot like bending. Much like how you can manipulate fire... they could manipulate sand. I even killed a couple... and when I did... their bodies dried into husks... they turned into piles of sand and the clothes they wore... Cynthia and Serena... they took it upon themselves to hold them off so that I could escape with the other evacuees. I disagreed, but they insisted... completely went against their orders from their ruler... and said the kingdom needs me... to live... so it can thrive once more... and thus we evacuated without them... I don't know what their current situation is."

Everyone was in shock, and even in fear. They all gave Princess Juniper a hug.

"We should sent out a scouting party to patrol the area," Lemur replied.

"ARE YOU SERIOUS!?" Juniper exclaimed with fear in her eyes, "DON'T! IT'S TOO DANGEROUS!!!"

Everyone was, again, in shock, as Princess Juniper is usually the one who's all over offensive maneuvers, and Lemur continued.

"There may be still survivors," Lemur replied, "If no scouting party can be arranged, I will go there myself. I am willing to put my life on the line, to save your people, Princess Juniper."

"No Lemur," Juniper replied, "Don't do it. You have no idea what you are going to face. Don't go, especially by yourself."

"He won't go by himself," Galaxy said with a slightly annoyed look on her face, "Lemur, I will not allow you to go alone... which is why I'm coming with you."

"No Lillian," Lemur replied, "You can't."

"Lemur, you have no choice in the matter. I will be going with you. We will do this together."

It was then agreed by everyone that Lemur should not go alone, but also agreed that Galaxy and Lemur shouldn't go alone, which led to a bickering amongst the Union. The bickering was soon interrupted by knocking on the door.

"Come in!" Lemur exclaimed.

The door opened and on the other side, was a group of people, composed of some of the surviving Forest Kingdom civilians, with Yin and Yang.

"What is this?" Juniper asked.

"We want to save our home, my Princess!" exclaimed one of the citizens.

"What!?" Juniper exclaimed, "I can't allow that!"

"I'm sorry, my Princess," another citizen spoke up, "but I can't just not do anything about it. I gave my life protecting the Kingdoms during the Ender War, and I will give my life once more to reclaim what is rightfully yours! What is rightfully ours!!!"

The other civilians cheered in agreement, and Juniper replied, "I refuse to go back."

"Then I will take them," Lemur said, "I will lead your people alongside Galaxy as a scouting legion. I promise to bring them all back."

Juniper jumped up and shook Lemur's hand.

"What you're all doing is absurd... you're going to get yourselves killed... but if you insist on returning there... then I will allow this. Good luck."

"And you Yin and Yang?" Lemur asked.

"We want to help too!" Yang exclaimed.

"I will help," Yin said, "Brother, I don't think it's a good idea for you to go. Your eyes... and you're-"

"I'm fine," Yang replied.

"Yang, please sit this one out," Galaxy said.

Yang sighed angrily and said, "Alright Princess."

Everyone left the room, and Galaxy had then, at that point pulled Yang aside for a private conversation.

"Yang," Galaxy started, "Is it?"

"Yes, Princess Galaxy," Yang replied, "I'm... becoming physical."

"Wow! Congratulations!" Galaxy said cheerfully, "Who was it?"

Then it hit Galaxy, and Yang nodded in approval.

"You know, she could use some comforting," Galaxy proposed, "Maybe you can be that one that comforts her?"

"True," Yang said, "I will do that then... thanks."

The two then left, and Galaxy joined the scouting legion... to scout the vast unknown... to find out what had Forest Kingdom become.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/1) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/3)
