# Chapter 20: Fallen Angel
---

The war between the Lapis Union and the Desert Kingdom remained steadfast. While most of the Desert Kingdom's people have been subdued, the new thread posed by the sand hydra, Queen Nile, had given the Union a great deal of trouble. Lillian continued to shoot her moonbeams into the beast and yelled, "This isn't working! Why isn't anything working!?"

Cedric slashed at the hydra's feet and replied, "It's like the scales are impenetrable from magic, not to mention, really strong. Fatespeaker!"

Cedric's sword had then transfigured into a greatsword, as he swung it at the dragon's legs. It surprisingly cut through, which caused enough pain for Queen Nile to notice, as one of her heads peered downward.

"Cedric," The hydra hissed, "When will you learn?"

The head lunged downward, and Lillian shot a condensed moonbeam through the side of its face. The hydra roared with agony, and began to spurt infernos out of it's mouth.

Yin and Yang had eventually met each other on the battlefield, fighting a few of the Desert Kingdom rogues.

"Where's Lemur," Yang asked, "I saw him get lifted up and thrown!"

Yang looked at his brother dismayingly, and Yin gasped.

"Don't tell me he's-"

"It's unfortunately true," Yang said, "He's gone."

Yin growled in anger, and couldn't help but to remember bad times in his eternal life. He remembered the wolf pack he tailed one night, who were later slaughtered by a being he brought into this world. Yin transformed into his timberwolf form and chomped down onto the rogues, crippling them.

"Yang. Let's do it," Yin said, "We have to do it."

Yang looked at Yin and smirked.

"I was hoping you'd say that."

Yin and Yang made contact with each other and fused into one entity. They wielded a giant blade of ebony and ivory, and swung it at the shoulder of the hydra. Queen Nile had quickly noticed Yin-Yang, and whipped their legs with her tail. The heads of the hydra coiled back for a strike when suddenly, the clouds above ripped open.

A single beam of light erupted from the clouds above and landed onto the battlefield below, in the homeland.

"What's going on!?" Juniper exclaimed, "Are we being invaded?!"

"No Princess Juniper," Snowblossom replied, "Why would the Aether invade us?"

Suddenly, in the beam of light, a body floated up from the ground. Lillian and Queen Nile watched as the body rose up from the ground.

"Is that," Lillian began in disbelief.

"No, no, NO!" The hydra exclaimed as it began to reach across the battlefield.

Yin-Yang had then bashed their arm against the necks of the hydra, which threw it's course off. The body raised it's arms and the black veins on it receded back. Red and blue glyphs formed along it's entirety and black angel wings erupted from his shoulderblades. His previously brown hair had turned white on one side, and the blond streak faded away. Finally he opened his eyes.

"Lemur!?" Galaxy exclaimed.

It indeed was Lemur. His figure smiled faintly and tilted it's head to the side as he outstretched his arm. Suddenly, a fiery greatsword conjured in front of it, and he grasped it tightly, then pointed it at the hydra.

"You know," Lemur calmly said, "It's about time I used this thing... about time I stopped holding back out of fear."

The fiery sword he held suddenly changed appearance, as it grew a bit in length, and half went icy looking.

"Queen Nile," Lemur said, "Your reign wi-"

"I'LL DESTROY YOU!" Queen Nile shrieked as she darted towards Lemur.

Lemur closed his eyes and swung his sword at the hydra in front of him. It gashed a long cut across it's right shoulder and up one of it's necks before erupting into an inferno of fire. The hydra shrieked in pain, and Lemur opened his eyes.

"It comes to an end," Lemur stated coldly.

Queen Nile raised the other heads of hers and recoiled at Lemur. Lemur used his wings and shot himself aside as he dragged the blade of his sword along the neck of the other heads. The cut had exploded into fire, and then suddenly, the infernos froze into jagged crystalline structures sticking through the cuts like large spears. Due to the ice in her necks, it made Queen Nile's mobility stiff.

Lemur shifted his trajectory to Queen Nile again and bashed into all three of her heads with a tremendous force, that it knocked out three of her jagged fangs. The ice in her necks exploded and caught fire once more. The shrieks became a blood-curtling wail as Lemur flown down her back and sliced his greatsword right through, leaving a blaze behind. Queen Nile fell over, as many of the soldiers retreated away from the crash site, and Lemur flew high above.

"Queen Nile, your judgment day is now," Lemur boomed as he darted straight down with his sword pointed out. He stabbed right through the side of her torso and her body exploded into a ball of ice and fire.

Once the dust cleared, people began approaching the source of the ice-fire explosion and were surprised to not see a hydra there. Lillian broke through the crowd and stood aside from the scene occurring inside. There stood Lemur, with jet black wings and at his mercy, was Queen Nile who sat on her knees, with her eyes closed.

"L-Lem," Lillian started.

"Yes, it's really me, darling," Lemur replied.

Queen Nile coughed and opened her eyes, and at the first glance of Lemur she got, she immediately filled with rage.

"I'LL KILL YOU!" Queen Nile exclaimed as she shot her arm outward and touched Lemur.

"NO!" Some soldiers exclaimed.

"That won't work," Lemur replied.

Queen Nile was in shock and then she grabbed a bracelet.

"I enchant this bracelet to block Lemur's power!"

"That won't work either," Lemur said.

Queen Nile glared at her bracelet in disbelief, when Lillian asked, "What... What did you do to her?"

Lemur folded his arms and replied, "I did what Aether and Apollo did for me. I've given her a second chance."

"Second chance!?" Queen Nile spat.

"I've taken your abilities away," Lemur admitted, "You have a chance to live amongst us as a normal human, and live a life you were meant to live."

The crowd gasped in shock, and began to notice that the subdued enemies around them began to behave much differently... even the ones who weren't there comrades at one point.

"Wh-where am I?" said one of the Desert Kingdom strangers, then he glanced over to the crowd of people.

"You've lost, Queen Nile," Lemur said, "There's nothing you can do. Just take this second chance."

Lemur outstretched his hand to Queen Nile and she chuckled.

"Do you really think, I'd accept this as my fate? I will do everything to ensure you all perish before me. Everything to ensure the world is at my fingertips. You hear that? EVERYTHING!"

Queen Nile suddenly got up and pulled a dagger from a sheathe on her dress, and lunged at Lemur. Lemur held out his hand, as the dagger stabbed cleanly through. He winced at the pain, but grasped onto Queen Nile's hand.

"Then I'm sorry," Lemur said sadly.

Suddenly, Queen Nile's body exploded in a cloud of ash and smoke... the only thing reminiscent of her, was the dagger stuck in Lemur's hand. Lemur pulled out the dagger, and his hand immediately stitched itself together. He then became his regular human self and couldn't help but to fall to his knees and cry.

Lillian ran to his side and asked, "Lemur, are you alright?"

"I wanted her to live in peace," Lemur replied, "Her childhood is what led to her becoming this. She reminded me of myself... given these powers, but suddenly having to prove herself that she's not wicked. She was unfortunate to be given the bad ending... where no one approved of her abilities and hunted her down for witchcraft. I hoped she would choose to live the rest of her life normally... but she became swallowed up by her own greed."

"Lemur..." Lillian replied.

"Uhhhh, excuse me," said a stranger.

The two looked up and were confronted by civilians of the Desert Kingdom. The civilians bowed and said, "Thank you for your service, in breaking the magic she had used against us. Thank you for freeing us."

Lemur sighed, "You're welcome."

"So... what now?" Juniper asked.

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/19) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/21)
