# Chapter 21: Aftermath
---

A couple weeks had passed since the victory against the Desert Kingdom, and ultimately the end to Queen Nile's grasp on them. Civilians from all of the kingdoms had begun reconstruction of the Forest Kingdom and the Desert Kingdom, along with cleaning up debris. Some civilians began clearing trees damaged or killed by the Desert Kingdom, and replaced them with saplings, that would one day grow to be as magnificent as the rest. A service had been held for all the people who gave their lives for their Kingdoms in the war. Several people mourned for their loved ones who didn't return to the home they fought for to keep safe.

In the Polar Kingdom, Shane had proposed to Princess Snowblossom, who happily accepted his proposal. They planned for their wedding, and Shane's coronation to occur a couple months from that moment, and had already began preparing invitations and decorations for the occasion.

In the Lapis Kingdom, Cedric had officially been promoted to Warmaster, before he returned to Lemur's hometown to finish his training with Steve. Thorn had aced his final examination and thus, became an Ender Guardian. He had been given the special assignment to be an Overworld standby soldier, to act on Overworld skirmishes that may threaten the End Kingdom. Lillian had directed her focus to healing the soldiers, injured in battle, with her Goddess Form. Lemur had frequented the Demigod Association's realm, aiding in the several response missions that arose, in order to retain peace amongst the world.

In the Desert Kingdom, the civilians caught up on their lost time, and too, have mourned losses they didn't even know they experienced... due to being enslaved by the wicked queen. Along with the mourning, they had searched for descendants of their previous queen, to crown as their new ruler. Due to the lingering effects of Nile's curse, however, this became a difficult task. Luckily, after rummaging through the few books of their previous queen that remained in the palace, they discovered a great-niece of hers, named Cleo, who agreed to become the next queen. Today... was the day of Queen Cleo Sahara's coronation.

Civilians from each of the kingdoms journeyed to the Desert Kingdom for the spectacular event, even Lemur and Lillian. The audience of people were seated within the royal hall of the Desert Kingdom. The bishops lined the back wall, with an archbishop standing before an altar.

"Would everyone please rise for her Majesty."

The audience rose as Cleo was escorted by the royal guards to the altar upon the stage. Cleo bowed before the altar, and the archbishop began the ceremony.

The archbishop presented the crown of the Desert Kingdom, and began to set it gently upon Cleo's head. Once the crown was placed, Cleo had stopped bowing and was presented with the royal regalia on an emerald green pillow. Cleo gently grasped the scepter and orb and turned to face the audience, and the archbishop began the speech.

"Eternal, almighty Gods and Goddesses, we thank thee whose grace in need has always gone over our land in woeful and good times to this day. Hear, today, our Queen's and our prayer. We pray thee, send thy grace to Queen Sahara, assist her by thy divine powers, and give her wisdom and peace from thee that her reign be a benefit and a blessing upon the Desert Kingdom's land and people. Deceitful and burdensome days will come; may truth and goodness from thee be her power and gladness. Eternal, powerful Deities, bless our Queen, be thou always her Lords and her Rulers and grant her kingdom all good days in time and eternity. Amen."

Cleo placed the scepter and orb back onto the pillow and was directed to sit on the throne to conclude the coronation. The audience watched intently as Queen Cleo Sahara had seated upon the coronation throne, and once allowed, applauded, celebrated and cheered for the new Queen of the Desert Kingdom.

"Long live the Queen!"the audience exclaimed, "Long live the Queen!"

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/20) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/epilogue)
