# Chapter 3: The Scouting Mission
---

The makeshift scouting legion, comprised of Lemur, Galaxy, Yin, and the remnants of the Forest Kingdom that were able to fight had ventured out the next day, to where the Forest Kingdom once stood.

Galaxy had asked of Queen Scarlet and her people to stay within the safety of the Lapis Kingdom walls, due to the close proximity the Stone Kingdom had to the Forest Kingdom. All but Nico had agreed to reside in Lapis Kingdom, as Nico insisted he can take on whatever comes their way on his own. Since the Stone Kingdom was a kingdom of supplies, and weapons of which were at the ready, he wanted to protect this point from any intruders, even if at the cost of his life.

The scouting legion had arrived to the Stone Kingdom with Nico, to ensure he returned safely to the kingdom. While the legion was there, they armed the forest kingdom's people with weapons, in case of an ambush.

"Are you sure you want to stay here Nico?" Galaxy asked.

Nico exhaled sharply and replied, "Yes, I will stay. No need to worry. I can handle whatever comes. Just go to the Forest Kingdom."

A civilian of the Forest Kingdom barged in on this conversation and added, "They managed to wipe out most of our kingdom. How can you be so confident?!"

Nico shrugged, and gave a toothy grin. "I suppose it's in my nature. I'll be fine. Hurry off!"

Thus, the scouts had left Nico in the Stone Kingdom and advanced further. Once they got to the borders of the kingdom, they couldn't help but to gasp out of dread. The Forest Kingdom, once flourishing with life, and complete with beautiful walkways made of wood, has turned into nothing more than heaps of sand and ruined bridges. Many of the trees had lost their leaves, which had exposed the Kingdom greatly. Though disheartening, it provided the legion with more visibility.

"It seems empty," said a Forest Kingdom civilian, "You only see a guard or two patrol every few minutes or so... which is odd. There were numerous people."

"They must've retreated back to their home," Lemur replied quietly, "Wherever that is."

"So what do we do?" asked a Forest Kingdom civilian.

Lemur pondered for a bit, and then smiled grimly.

"Uhhhh what are you thinking Lemur?" Yin replied.

"The Forest Kingdom... or what's left of it is heavily unguarded," Lemur said, "We will still look for survivors... but what if we took this chance... and retake the kingdom."

Everyone gasped and Galaxy replied, "I don't think this is an overly wise idea. Trust me, I would love to go there barbarically and take them out, but what if they call for reinforcements? Also, the Forest Kingdom is vast, we are out of our element here."

"We could help with that," replied a Forest Kingdom civilian, "We've lived a majority of our lives here. We know this place like the back of our hand!"

"Exactly," Lemur replied, "Yin, what are your thoughts?"

Yin thought to himself for a moment and replied, "It is a vast kingdom. Let me just quickly do this."

Yin stood there quietly for roughly a minute before replying with surprise, "Wow, there are only fifteen living humanoid lifeforms in the entire kingdom. They really didn't bother protecting this place well. There are two guards everywhere around the perimeter. The centre of the Kingdom has three signatures... though they are fading... meaning they are dying."

"Those must be some survivors!" A civilian shouted with excitement.

Suddenly, the two guards patrolling the area near the scouts heard the shout and spotted the group.

"INTRUDERS!" yelled a guard, "Quick! Notify the others!"

Yin had reacted rather quickly and shrouded the area in a dark cloak.

"I CAN'T SEE!" yelled the other guard, who was about to get reinforcements.

"Welp, I guess we should take back the kingdom," Yin said.

Yin then manipulated the dark aura, and wrapped it around the guards' heads, before twisting ever so violently... silently snapping their necks.

"That was an epic job! I didn't know you could do that!" Lemur replied.

Yin chuckled and said, "I learnt it recently while I went on an expedition."

"Expedition?" Lemur asked.

"No time for sweet talk!" Galaxy exclaimed, "Save this for later! We have to move now!"

The scouting group had then charged into the kingdom, ready to take what they had lost.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/2) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/4)
