# Chapter 4: Running With the Wolves
---

**(A week earlier)**

In the middle of a bright, starry night, Yin had woken up from his sleep within the Lapis Kingdom, due to a nightmare he had. He rubbed his eyes gently, and snuck by Yang, who was still sound asleep in the bed next to his, and quietly opened the door of their house, before gently closing it behind him.

Yin exhaled sharply and said to himself, "It's another one of those nights, isn't it..."

Yin rubbed his temples, relaying the nightmare he had, earlier that night. *I made a grave mistake that day,* Yin thought to himself. Yin then transformed into his shadowy timberwolf form, and sprinted throughout the kingdom. When he got to the gates, he leapt over them, and kept going... beyond the walls. He eventually ran into a pack of wolves, which were also running through the night, and followed them into a clearing within a sparse evergreen forest, where they stopped and rested for a bit. While resting, Yin thought about the wolves, and their lives.

"Sometimes I wish I could be as free as you guys," growled Yin, "Free of any worries, or obligations."

Yin had then phased back into his humanoid form and gently petted the wolf in front of him. Yin sighed and looked up at the moon. The alpha wolf howled at the moon, and soon after, the other wolves had joined in as well, before continuing their journey. Yin punched the ground and furrowed his brow angrily. "Why was I so stupid back then!?"

He looked into the sky and yelled, "WHY?!"

The yell was so powerful, that shadowy auras had emerged from his mouth, as a beam of complete darkness. Yin then scratched his arms violently, and muttered under his breath, "I wish something would just happen. I wish I could feel this. I WISH AT LEAST ONE DROP OF MY BLOOD COULD BE SHED FOR MY MISTAKE!"

Yin fell to his knees and broke down a bit more.

"I can't even cry," Yin continued, "I really need to let out some tears... for relief. But of course, I just can't. I am a spirit... A stupid failure of a spirit, if that."

Yin's distressed and depressing thoughts were interrupted by a painfilled yelp in the distance. Yin's eyes darted up, as if he felt someone's presence nearby, and transformed into a wolf once more, to dash towards where he heard the sound. When he got there, he found the pack of wolves he was following earlier, mauled, and ripped apart... and in the center of it all, a figure of darkness stood.

"WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?!" Yin exclaimed.

The shadowy figure noticed Yin, and was about to fade away into blackness, when suddenly, Yin turned into his humanoid form, ran towards it and reached out to grab it by the throat. A shadowy aura emitted from Yin's hand and grasped the figure by the throat. Both Yin, and the figure seemed surprised.

"Woah, I didn't know I could do that," Yin said to himself before continuing, "Rich... Why are you doing this? Why are you taking COUNTLESS LIVES!?"

The shadowy figure coughed and replied, "This is your fault, Yin. You never did help me gain closure. You simply brushed me off. Had me reside in this entity you made... so you could be free... but I won't let you have that freedom."

Yin grasped Rich's throat tighter, and he coughed more and smiled.

"All my mistakes are your mistakes," Rich added, "I want you to remember that."

Suddenly, Rich had faded into thin air, and Yin had fallen to his knees.

"He's right," Yin admitted quietly, "Our duty, as Guardian Spirits... are to guide the lost, as well as protect our respective element. When we are given a lost spirit, we are supposed to give it closure... supposed to help it find closure... not just implant it into an entity you made."

Yin looked to the sky sadly and continued.

"Rich. You were my first assignment. My first lost spirit that I needed to aid. I couldn't handle you though... your screaming, rage-filled thoughts... though, I guess that's expected from the alpha shadow demon. Your race was being exterminated in Hell... and I thought that giving you a body to reside in would be a great compromise... so you can find closure by yourself, and so I didn't have to hear your anger. I didn't think it would end this badly."

Suddenly, Yin's moment to himself was disturbed by the sound of a snapping twig, which made him jump.

"Who's there! Answer!"

Yin caught a glimpse of a woman, running within the brush of the forest. He instinctively transformed into his timberwolf form. *That's definitely a humanoid lifeform.* He bolted towards the woman, following her life force signal until suddenly, it vanished. Yin became his human form again and scratched the back of his neck in confusion.

"I know there was a woman here. How could her signal just disappear!? Her body isn't even here!"

Yin noticed the sun beginning to rise, and felt something on his face. He wiped near his right eye and to his astonishment-

"Huh, how'd this blood get here?" Yin asked himself.... then quickly remembered, "Oh right... the wolves. It must've come from one of them."

Yin once again turned into a timberwolf and bolted back in the direction of the Lapis Kingdom, hoping to make it there before anyone noticed he had left in the first place.

After Yin had made it some distance away, the woman had reappeared where Yin once stood and sighed.

"Pandora, you almost got yourself caught," she mumbled to herself, "Wait... you were caught, just not found... ughhh you're so stupid."

She looked over the horizon, and watched the black wolf run off into the distance, until it was no longer visible, and she smiled sympathetically.

"I have no idea who that... did they say Yin? Yeah, I don't know who that guy is... but I wish... I wish I could've just given them a hug or something."

Pandora walked back towards the circle of mangled wolves and thought to herself.

*He has a lot on his mind... and it's hurting him...*

Pandora wiped a tear from her eye.

*And that other guy... Rich, isn't making it better. I wish there was something I could do. Do for him.*

Pandora blushed slightly, and said, "I really hope... I could see that guy again."

Pandora shook her shoulders and added, "Alright enough of the illusion."

Suddenly, dragon wings sprouted from her back and she shot herself up into the air.

"Maybe one day," Pandora said, "One day, we'll meet again."

She then flapped her wings and flew off into the distance.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/3) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/5)
