# Chapter 5: Reclaiming What's Ours
---

The scouting legion had ascended into the sparse canopy above, to enter into what was left of the Forest Kingdom.

"Galaxy! Head towards the center to those survivors! They need healing right away!" Lemur exclaimed.

Galaxy agreed, and dashed towards the center of the kingdom with three Forest Kingdom civilians, guiding her closely. By this time, two more guards had begun to approach the scouting group, until suddenly, one of the Forest Kingdom civilians jumped out of the canopy above, and stealthily killed them.

As the group continued around the perimeter of the kingdom, killing the guards that were present, Lemur realized something.

"Yin, have you noticed their eyes?" Lemur pondered.

"I have, they aren't glowing blue," Yin replied, "Are you guys sure these guards are the enemy?"

The citizens scowled at the two, and one answered, "Yes, they are the same. They are dressed just like our attackers... though we don't know why they don't have blue eyes."

Yin choked out the guard that was still remaining there with his shadows and the group continued to the last point, where the final two guards were.

"The life force in the center is getting stronger!" Yin said, "Queen Galaxy must've healed the survivors!"

They had finally arrived at the final destination, when the civilians had taken out one of the two guards. The second guard was readying his attack, when suddenly, he stopped in his tracks.

"What's up with this?" Yin asked.

The guard rose his head rigidly and sharply, and to their astonishment, his eyes glowed a menacing blue.

"Aaaaahhhh" sighed the guard, "That's where my soldiers were going... You've been killing them!"

"That's not the guard anymore!" yelled a civilian.

Suddenly, the guard bolted much quicker than before, at Lemur, and the group heard his knees crunch with the amount of force driven into his legs. The guard then punched Lemur with such a force, that he was sent flying into a tree behind him. After, the guard started to veil the area in sand.

"Lemur!" exclaimed Yin, "You're going to pay for that!"

Yin lunged at the guard with a shadowy hand, but the guard simply dodged the attack and kicked Yin down. The guard swung a wave of sand at the civilians present, knocking them back as well.

"Interesting," the guard said, "If I'm not mistaken, you are Yin. The Guardian Spirit of Darkness. I knew the balancing forces existed, but I would've never guessed they were walking amongst us. Intriguing."

Yin chuckled and replied, "Oh yeah? I will show you just what a Guardian Spirit can do!"

Suddenly, a demonic screech came about them all, and in a gravelly voice, Lemur said, "Yin. I will be taking this one."

The guard was confused, as he- or rather, the person seemingly controlling him, had a confused look on their face, as the voice was entirely new to them.

"Ok Lemur! Get him!" Yin announced.

Suddenly, Lemur in his Alpha Kaīta form had leapt through the veil of sand, and took the guard by surprise. Lemur carefully aimed his flames towards the guard solely, and grabbed him by the throat. The concentrated, sweltering heat emitting from Lemur's hand was enough to catch the guard and his clothes on fire, and the guard had no reaction to it, other than a small chuckle.

"I see. You must be the one who caused that wave of power," said the guard smugly, "So there must be powerful people over there. Very well. We shall meet again... Lemur."

The guards eyes changed back to their original amber colour and the guard began to scream in pain for a few seconds before he died in Lemur's hands.

Lemur and the others of his fleet of people had regrouped with Galaxy and the three survivors of which she had revived.

"I have news for you guys, so you came just in time!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"We have... news too," Lemur replied gravely, "You go first Galaxy."

"Oh... you sound mighty serious... so it must not be good news," Galaxy replied, "But very well. The survivors here said that the majority of those guards had taken Cynthia, Serena and living civilians with no life threatening injuries back to their home... in the desert. According to the survivors, they had mentioned taking them to a Queen Nile, which indicates that a kingdom exists in the northern desert. The survivors here aren't exactly sure why they took them, instead of killing them, but now we know where the enemy is!"

"Was," Yin replied.

"Was?" Galaxy asked.

Lemur sighed and added to Yin's response.

"It was brief... but one of the guards had... been controlled. Their eyes went blue. The enemy... said that we will meet again."

"You don't mean-" a survivor started.

"Yes," Lemur replied, "It seems apparent... that the enemy will be returning here."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/4) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/6)
