# Chapter 6: Yang's Date
---

**(Meanwhile, in the Lapis Kingdom)**

Despite Yang's wishes to be with the scouting legion to aid in the potential rescuing of survivors, he had listened to Galaxy's orders on staying at the Lapis Kingdom, due to him becoming a physical entity. His ability to see and concentrate would be hindered greatly due to the blood coming from them. The other reason he had stayed though, was to pursue the person that fate decided him to be with... Princess Aurea Juniper.

Yang had blindfolded himself with a cloth to soak up the blood coming from his eyes, and relied on his powers, and memory alone to see where he was going. It took him longer than he expected, but he had finally found Juniper, within an alleyway of the Kingdom, curled up in a small ball, clearly still traumatized from the attack on the Forest Kingdom. She heard Yang coming and jumped a little, but was quickly relieved when she saw Yang.

"Oh," Juniper sighed, "It's just you. Sorry for jumping."

"It's fine," Yang replied, "you had every right to jump. So... uhhhh what are you doing?"

Juniper scoffed lightly, and sadly, and answered, "Isn't it obvious?"

Juniper quickly remembered that Yang was wearing a blindfold and added, "Wait... sorry, I didn't mean-"

"Once again, fine," Yang said, "I kind of... knew what you were doing anyhow, seeing with my powers and all."

"How's it doing anyway?" Juniper asked, "Your eyes I mean."

Yang lifted the blindfold from his eyes, and his eyes were still bleeding profusely, and Juniper sighed.

"Do you even know why that's happening?"

Yang tried to formulate a lie to cover up what was really going on, but failed, so instead, he avoided the question.

"That... doesn't matter. Spirit mishaps I suppose. Uhhhh did you want to come out from here? Out into the Sun or something?"

Juniper shook her head and answered, "No... not really."

Yang sat down beside Juniper within the shaded alleyway and sighed.

"Did you... want to talk about it?"

Juniper seemed surprised by his proposal to open up and replied, "You know, no one ever really asks me that, right?"

"Oh... sorry, I hope I didn't disres-" Yang stuttered.

"No no, it's alright," Juniper interrupted, "I just wanted to point that out. No one really asks about my true feelings, or any of that really. You... would be the first."

"Oh."

"You see," Juniper started, "I suspect, that people only see me as tough. Strong. Fierce perhaps. Many people would see that, and just assume that I don't need any help... Assume I can't be hurting, and even if I were hurting, I wouldn't need anyone to just... open up to. That's what I believe anyway."

"I see," Yang replied, "But you are tough and fierce-"

"It's just a façade," Juniper continued, "I am not as tough as people would think when they first glance at me... you're probably getting annoyed with me saying all of this."

"No, I'm not," Yang interjected, "please. Let out what is on your mind. In your heart."

Juniper chuckled lightly and said, "You are truly different from the rest. Alright. Way back when, back when I lived in the large village. The one that... the Ender Corporation raided. I was wedded with the love of my life... his name was Lucille. He never really liked his name... as many would associate his name as being feminine... you know, a girl's name, but I loved it regardless. It suited him."

Juniper caught on what she just said and anxiously corrected, "I'm not saying he was feminine or anything, I didn't mean it that way, I meant... I meant... like, Lucille is an amazing name, and he was an amazing person. Anyways, that's besides the point. I was a warrior, like he was, for the village. We were roughly the same rank, and we also, sort of, ran the village. We led it's people I mean. Then... that fateful day, when... *they* came... it was almost an entirely different person."

"What do you mean?" Yang asked.

"When the group was caught, he had ordered the women and children to flee the village, regardless of their position. I insisted I wanted to stay by his side, and I was able to fight, but he just disregarded it all. Disregarded how we were equals in ranks, and strength. I took some offence to it. I believed it was a sexist action, that just because I'm a woman, meant I couldn't hold our ground."

"That is really sexist," Yang said, "I don't want to sound like I'm agreeing with him because I am not, but... if he hadn't made that decision, there was a far greater chance you wouldn't be with us now."

Juniper scoffed disgustedly, and replied, "I guess that's true, but he should've given us a *chance*. They all should've. Anyhow, so us women and children fled the village. We were chased down somewhat by some of their minions, however, I fended them off as we fled. As I was fending them off, in the distance, I watched my husband-"

Juniper began to cry lightly, and said, "I watched my husband get blown to bits... *by that green person.*"

"Sarryth?" Yang asked, "I'm so sorry."

Juniper looked at Yang, and said, "So that's his name. *Sarryth.* That scumbag. Even though Lucille had upset me that day, I still loved him. We took refuge in the trees. The dense forest was a perfect hiding place for us, and that was when the Forest Kingdom was created. I was appointed as ruler both because of my valiant actions and because I was the original leader's wife. I grieved in silence and solitude. Ever since then, I put on this façade. The illusion that I was a hardened, tough and fearless person. A heart of cold steel, with nothing left in it... but that wasn't true... and after the Forest Kingdom had been ambushed... decimated to sand... I think that became pretty apparent."

"But it was!" Yang exclaimed, "Princess, if I may, you are tough, and you are strong! Do not think otherwise, because it is simply not true!"

"But it is," Juniper replied, "Warriors couldn't simply be both emotional and emotionless."

"But they can," Yang said, "You, as a strong and fierce warrior, are permitted to have feelings. You can feel remorse, sorrow, sadness, happiness, all of those things. Those emotions are what make you human. Just because you feel something doesn't change the fact that you are still the valiant warrior that fended off those minions as you fled. Doesn't change that you are the fierce person that slayed in the Ender War."

Juniper looked into the sky and smiled slightly, "You know... you are right. I don't know how I could've missed it."

Juniper stood up, along with Yang and Juniper continued.

"My actions and skills on the battlefield proved that I am not to be underestimated. I am strong and tough. Just because I am those... doesn't mean I can't feel nothing at all!"

Juniper then leapt at Yang, and gave him a hug, which caught Yang by surprise, and they both fell down onto the ground, whilst Juniper hugged him.

"Oh sorry, sorry!" Juniper exclaimed, "I got carried away."

Yang, whose blindfold had partially shifted upwards, revealing one of his eyes, looked at Juniper, and hugged her back.

"It's fine," Yang said, "It's all fine."

The two got up from the ground, and laughed it off. As they were about to continue their conversation...

"THEY RETURNED," shouted Fegelein, the herald, as he ran through the streets, "THE SCOUTING LEGION HAS RETURNED WITH SURVIVORS!"



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/5) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/7)
