# Chapter 7: The Next Steps
---

Juniper, Yang, Scarlet and several other civilians had met up at the front gates, for the arrival of the Queen, King, and the others involved in the scouting legion. The survivors the legion found in the remnants of Forest Kingdom were glad to be alive, and were cheerful upon returning to a safe place, and being reunited with their Princess.

"Glad to see you all in one piece!" Juniper exclaimed, "You have done well Lemur, thanks for doing this. All of you."

Lemur, who was somewhat confused at Juniper's gratitude (as it was somewhat unexpected), replied, "No worries. That is what the Lapis Union is for... though... we have some pressing matters we need to discuss, with every ruler... as soon as possible."

The royalty of each kingdom in the Overworld gathered in a discussion hall, where Lemur would debrief the outcome of the scouting mission and the news that come from it.

"Alright, we have gathered everyone here to say we have successfully rescued the few survivors we found in the remnants of Forest Kingdom. All the guards there have been eliminated as well, so the area is vacant."

"That's great news!" Scarlet exclaimed, then noticed Lemur's expression, as if something else is on his mind, and said, "That's not all of it... is it."

Lemur sighed and replied, "Unfortunately not. We have gathered intel from the survivors that the people who have attacked the Forest Kingdom, made off with Cynthia, Serena, and a couple other survivors. The reasoning behind it is unknown."

Juniper banged her fist against the table in front of her and growled, "Damn it. They have Cynthia and Serena!"

"Luckily," Galaxy replied, "we know they are at least living, and have returned to where they came from... which seems to be the vast desert beyond the forest."

"The survivors had also mentioned they are bringing them to see someone named Queen Nile," Lemur added, "This indicates that a kingdom or something must exist within that desert in the north. Upon showing up there, and fighting off the guards, we had found out that they had been controlled by someone else. Initially, they seemed like any normal person... but the last guard we fought... his eyes turned blue and exhibited every trait Princess Juniper discussed earlier."

"So..." Snowblossom started, "They are being controlled against their will?"

"Somewhat," Lemur answered, "They are devoted to this 'Queen Nile', but once their eyes glow blue-"

"They no longer have control over their own bodies... that's so cruel... and awful." Scarlet stated.

Lemur sighed, and said dismayingly, "Unfortunately, that's not all."

"There's more?" Juniper asked.

"They are returning here... quite possibly the Queen as well... and their intentions seem malicious."

Everyone gasped, and Juniper snapped partially.

"Great! Now they are returning!" Juniper exclaimed, "We are all in danger! What are we going to even do!? THEY CAME SO QUICKLY!!!"

"Princess Juniper, calm down please," Galaxy said, "While we were returning, we synthesized a plan."

"Ok... What is it?" Juniper asked.

Lemur threw the clothing of the guards onto the table, and stated, "We have two ideas. First, we need to prepare some defences of our own here, just in case if they're en route as we speak. They don't entirely know of our location, only that we were in what was left of Forest Kingdom. The second idea... as gross as it might be... we can disguise five people in their clothing, and attempt to discover this kingdom within the desert... possibly even intercept them before they even get here."

The royalty all spoke to each other and agreed that these ideas were great, and Scarlet then asked, "Alright... but who's going to be the five people that would locate this place?"

"Unfortunately," Galaxy said, "I don't think Lemur, Yin or anyone with them at the time of the final guard's death can be the ones. They were all spotted by the one controlling them, and would know how they look like. These five people must be ones that the host of these guards never known or saw."

"So we would have to assign five other people with this daring task," Snowblossom replied, "I can appoint General Jackson as one of the five."

"Alright, thanks Princess Snowblossom," Lemur said, "So... then the other four?"

"I would like to be part of the defence squadron," Juniper requested.

"Are you sure Princess Juniper?" Galaxy asked.

"I am. I had a discussion with... someone, and I was reminded of who I am. I will not falter until Forest Kingdom is ours for good!"

"Alright," Lemur replied, "It's good to have you back."

"I'm sure Jayden and Nico would love to do this spy mission. I will check with them first before I appoint them," Scarlet added.

"So then that makes potentially three," Lemur replied, "Lillian, do you think Cedric could help in this task?"

Galaxy thought for a moment and answered, "Yes, I'm sure he will oblige. We could also assign Polar to the cause."

"Alright, then it's decided," Lemur stated, "Jackson of Polar Kingdom, Polar and Cedric of Lapis Kingdom and possibly Jayden and Nico of Stone Kingdom will be the spy group. The rest of us will designate some defences in Forest Kingdom, in preparations for a possible retaliation attack."

Everyone had agreed to this plan, and thus began bustling about... readying themselves for this new danger that had risen upon them.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/6) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_3_chapters/8)
