# Chapter 1: Gladius 
---

**(December 3rd, 2001 : The Overworld)**

Thunder boomed repetitively in the horizon and the foul smell of death engulfed the Overworld. No one knew what was going on... Or, at least, no one *except* Alex. Alex was the stunning blonde wife of Brine, Steve's brother. Since Steve and Brine entered the Nether to acquire quartz, Alex always had a sickening feeling that  something was... Off with this excursion. She felt like something bad was going to happen, *and bad it was! Brine was killed*, Alex thought to herself, *now, the future is clear, zombie apocalypse is happening... Now!*

She peered out the frost covered windows and she saw hands clawing their way out of the ground and heads poking out of the ground like a sore thumb. The once deceased ancestors of mankind were arising again, but as hungry, flesh-eating, rotten, undead, mindless zombies! Alex then thought again, *according to my visions, if I take both children, we will all die, if I take none of them, the children will die, but if I take one, they both will live, but on opposite paths.*

Alex had been accepted into the Aether just as soon as she was born, unlike Steve and Brine, who had to worship their way in. The reason why she was accepted at birth so quickly is also the deepest and most important secret she kept from everyone, including her loving husband. She... Was a Demigod! Her father was a charming hotshot named Will (short for William), and her Mother was Aphrodite, the Goddess of love and beauty. It was this combination that caused all the guys to fall for her blinding beauty, and luscious golden locks. Another gift that she got from her Mother was the ability to see all the possible futures.

Alex looked on the bed at her little ones. There were two babies on top of the bed, fast asleep. They were twins and were just born today. They looked identical to each other, but Alex knew who's who. She looked at the baby on the left and whispered, "Lemur, his name will be Lemur."

Then Alex turned to the right and whispered, "And this one's name is Gladius."

That was when she heard the moans. She looked outside again and saw the zombies, completely out of the ground and walking towards the house. *Oh no,* Alex thought, *I let the thoughts of the babies interfere with my future sight. We all could die because of this mistake!*

She looked at the babies and forsaw their futures. *Lemur and I won't get along, because we are opposites of each other. But Gladius and I are fairly similar, he's outspoken and sociable compared to Lemur... The future will be brighter for me if I take Gladius.*

So Alex grabbed the baby on the right and it cooed happily, while the baby on the left whined and cried. Alex forsaw another future that Lemur will die if he acted like this, so she quickly put a soother in his mouth to shut him up. The baby then fell asleep peacefully on the bed. "We have to go now." Alex whispered to the baby in her arms, "Hold on tight."

The baby responded by squeezing Alex's shirt with it's little hands as Alex opened the window and jumped out, abandoning the other child. The baby in Alex's arm giggled happily as they got farther away from the house. Alex saw all the futures coming to her now with her and Gladius. *We must go to the North. It'll take us a while to get there, and it will be brutally painful, but it is the safest place to go. We will rule the North in a grand ice palace, and live like royalty, as we deserve*. Alex saw the large desert ahead and said, "This will be the hardest part... Crossing the desert, but with our powers, the stars will shine down on us!"

Alex smiled and so did the baby as she said, "No looking back now, new future, here we come."



[Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/tmsol_chapters/2)
