# Chapter 2: Jackal 
---

**(December 3rd, 2001 : In a deserted street of a city)**

"Don't cry, don't cry." said a mother to her child, as they ran down the wet and stormy streets. The streets were quite empty for such a busy city, which added even more fear in both the mother and the child's eyes. They could hear the trailing footsteps of the people behind them. "There she goes, over there!" said a man in a white suit.
"The doves are coming," said the Mother.
"Takami, the quinque! Now!" yelled a dove.
"Alright Nakanishi!" replied Takami.
Takami pulled out a handle from his belt and a long red whip materialized on the end of it and glowed a faint red colour. Takami then swung his arm and snapped the whip quinque across the distressed mother's back. The mother yelped in pain as she fell to the ground, and protecting her child from the fall. The mother got up on her knees and checked her child. *He's ok*, she thought. The thought dissipated as she heard the clopping of shoes in wet puddles behind her.

"Monsters like you deserve to die." Nakanishi said, as she activated a quinque that resembled a large pickaxe. As Nakanishi swung her arms back, with the pickaxe at hand, the mother wept and said, "I'm not the monster, you are."
"Excuse me!" Nakanishi replied angrily.
"Well if you aren't a monster," the mother said, "then leave US ALONE!!!"
The mother's eyes then went from an innocent blue to a startling red and the whites of her eyes became black. All of a sudden, from her shoulders, unleashed arm-like appendages, ripping through her skin and clothing as it goes right through Nakanishi's chest. Within a matter of seconds, Nakanishi had perished. The mother then ripped Nakanishi's corpse in two as she spread her extra appendages apart. The other two doves were petrified with horror as they watched their leader die in a blink of an eye. The mother turned her head slowly and said, "Who else wants some?"
Takami spoke into his microphone and said, "We need reinforcements! We have an SS-rated ghoul on our hands!!!"

Ghouls take on a human form. They are very similar except that ghouls can't eat human food and instead, eat human flesh. Another difference is the extra appendages that tear the skin that are formerly called kagune, and they can take many different forms but are usually unique to the ghoul.

The mother then launched her kagune through Takami's stomach and threw him across the streets. The last dove cowered in fear before finally saying, "Come on Korumo Natsumi, don't be like this!"
The mother wiped away tears and replied, "How couldn't you tell me that you are a dove! Especially now that we have a son!!!"
"Because I didn't know that you were a ghoul!"
Korumo grabs the dove by the arm and lifted him into the air, right in front of her menacing eyes.
"I find that hard to believe."
The baby in Korumo's arms started to cry, which cut through the thick air like a knife.
"Don't worry Korumo, I can fake my death and we could run off together and take care of our child together!"
"Really Tadashi? Will you do that for me?"
The dove smiled and said, "Of course I will. I love you. Now, can you set me down please."
"Of course." Korumo said. Korumo smiled and so did Tadashi. Then, all of a sudden... *CRUNCH!* Korumo smashed Tadashi into the ground, turning his body into a pile of guts and bones. "He's such a liar." Korumo said as she retracts her kagune and her eyes go back to normal. She turned her head to the baby and hushed it until he fell asleep. Then Korumo ran from the scene of the crime as the rain continued to pour down and the thunder crashed. *We have to hide. We have to. We can live brand new live in solitude. You will make history my little Jackal.* The baby (Jackal) opened his eyes and his mother smiled. One of his eyes were a dark blue, but the other was bright red and the whites of it were black. Korumo then thought again. *You will make history for sure, my one-eyed ghoul.*





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/tmsol_chapters/1) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/tmsol_chapters/3)
