# Chapter 3: Calvin 
---

**(December 3rd, 2001 : During a blizzard in a city)**

The wind howled through the icy city of Obrien. Snow pelted the buildings and streets in sheets of cotton white. It was definitely the worst blizzard of the decade. The conditions were so nasty, that you couldn't see within two feet around you. The snow plows raced down the streets, creating walls of dense snow on the curbs so high, that it was definitely taller than most of the people that lived there. Many of the citizens stayed inside, peering out their icy windows as the snow kept falling. All of a sudden, faint red lights and a loud siren blared through the snow-covered highway. An ambulance was speeding to the Obrien General Hospital, delivering a woman in labor. The paramedics arrived to the hospital and bustled to get this woman into the delivery room. When they arrived, a doctor approached the main entrance to answer this call. "This is Lindsay Hopkins, 24 years old, and is currently in labor. The baby is late by one week." One paramedic said.
The paramedics took the mother off the stretcher and put her on a hospital bed gently and wheeled her to the delivery room. "Lindsay, I'm Dr. Brewer, and we're here to help you deliver this child."
Lindsay looked agitated and was suffering a great deal of pain. She screamed as she pushed again, trying to give birth to this baby. "Give her an epidural shot nurse." The nurse was preparing the epidermal when Lindsay said, "What is an epidural?"
"An epidural is a medication to help ease the pain of giving birth, though you may be--"
"Give me it please!"
The nurse returned to the bed and injected Lindsay with the shot and Lindsay had a relaxed look on her face minutes later. Everything seemed to be going normal with this delivery, when all of a sudden... *Beeeeeeeeep!*
The heart monitor was flatlining and Lindsay's life was ending right before their eyes! "Oh no! She's allergic to the shot!" The doctor said, "We have to give her an emergency C-Section, stat!"
The doctor and nurses rushed Lindsay to the surgery room to perform the C-Section.
Momentarily, the C-Section had been completed and what they found was heart-wrenching. "We have a stillborn!" Dr. Brewer yelled.
Everyone rushed to try and revive both the mother and the baby. Minutes passed as they tried to revive them, when one nurse said, "We got the mother's pulse!"
Lindsay was breathing again, but asleep in the hospital bed, as doctors persistently tried to revive the child.
After ten, brutally long minutes, the baby's cries washed all the worry away, as a wave of relief filled the room. "We'll have to take the baby into Intensive Care to be sure it will live." Dr. Brewer said. So the nurses brought the baby to Intensive Care and the doctor brought Lindsay into the recovery room.

...

Lindsay opened her eyes slowly and saw the sun peek through the window. She felt as if she were in Heaven, as this serene scenery seemed unreal. She turned her head to look at the foot of the bed when she gasped. "Marsh, how did you get here? When did you get here? What day is it? What happened?"
Marsh looked at her and said, "Don't worry, it's December 5th, I drove here last night, but they wouldn't let me in to see you. You were having a severe allergic reaction to the epidural and you almost died, and so did the baby... But luckily, you're both okay."

Lindsay's face went from calm, to angry in a heartbeat, when the doctor came in with her child. "It's a boy!" Dr. Brewer said, "Would you like to hold him?"

Lindsay gave the baby a disgusted look and said, "No, take it away!"
The father, Marsh, looked upset and said, "How could you say something like that?!"

Lindsay then turned to Marsh and replied, "That child was a mistake, I never wanted a child, and you said that you can't get pregnant the first time you have intercourse, and low and behold, we are in the hospital! Not only that, but because of this whole thing, I almost died because of that stupid child, I hate it, I hate it!"

The doctor looked at the poor baby, whose mother extremely hates him at the moment. "Would you like to put him up for adoption?" Dr. Brewer said. The mother and father turned their heads to the doctor. The mother said, "Yes", while the father simultaneously said, "No."
The doctor hands the child over to Marsh and Marsh smiled down on him.
Marsh rocked the child back and forth and whispered, "Don't worry, your mother will love you... Eventually, but I love you now, and always will." Marsh then shed a tear when the doctor said, "What will his name be?"
Lindsay replied with a disgusted sigh but Marsh looked up at the doctor and said, "Calvin. Named after my father, who served his country with pride and honor." Marsh peered at the baby, who smiled back at him, and he continued. "And I know... I know you will be just like him... And be the universe's next miracle."


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/tmsol_chapters/2) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/tmsol_chapters/4)
