# Chapter 4: Jackal 
---

"Jackal! You get back here RIGHT NOW!!!" Korumo yelled.
"No mom!" Jackal yelled back. Jackal ran briskly through the old,  abandoned house that they currently were hiding in, with his angry mother in hot pursuit behind him.
*I have to hide, I have to hide, but where? Think Jackal, think!* Then Jackal came up with an idea.  He scurried up the creaky, rotting steps leading up to the second floor, when all of a sudden, *CRASH!*
His mother blasted her kagune through the wall and nearly grabbed frightened, young Jackal by the head. Jackal screamed in response to the attempt his mother made to try and catch him. *She's going to kill me,* Jackal thought, *I wish daddy were here to intervene.*

Jackal didn't know much about his father. All he knew was that he walked out on his mom when he was born, or at least, that was what his mom told him.

Jackal had finally made it to the second floor and made a quick right turn to his bedroom. As he was running, he heard a floorboard creak from underneath him just before it snapped. He caught his foot in the hole and fell flat on his face. He wanted to cry. He wished this was all a nightmare, but no matter how much he pleaded, he knew it was all too real. He managed to pull his leg out of the hole just before he heard his mother reach the bottom of the staircase. He limped his way into his bedroom and slammed the door. "This is the last time you break a dish! This is the last time you disobey me!" His mother yelled as she stomped up the stairs.

Jackal vaulted over his wooden chair and rolled underneath his bed, cowering in fear. He watched from underneath his bed, praying to be forgiven for breaking his mom's dish. His door swung wide open and behind it was his mother,  consumed by anger, and her kagune unleashed, ready to kill anything or anyone that crossed her. *And that anyone is me,* Jackal thought, *definitely going to die.*
His mom crept from the eerie shadows like a demon, claiming it's next victim. "Where are you?!" His mother said grimly. She peered around the corner into his closet and she rummaged through the clothes, hoping to find Jackal there.

"You aren't in the closet." Korumo said. Then she crept towards the foot of the bed. Jackal squeezed his eyes shut and his heart raced. He heard the covers on the bed rustle and his pillow was thrown across the room.

"You aren't *in* your bed!" His mother yelled, then she started to kneel. Jackal opened his eyes and his mother was getting onto the floor. When her head peeked under the bed, her face when from angry, to even more angry. "JACKAL!!! YOU GET OVER HERE RIGHT NOW!" His mother yelled underneath the bed. Jackal was trembling in fear as her voice ripped through him like an arrow of dread. His mom then started to reach under the bed with her arm, trying to snatch Jackal. Jackal got even more frightened and backed himself up until his feet met a wall.
"COME OUT RIGHT NOW!" Korumo exclaimed.
"No!" Jackal replied, trying to match his mother's fierce voice.

"THREE!!!" His mom started. *Oh no,*  Jackal thought with dread, *the countdown, it's never good when she starts the countdown!*
"TWO!!!"
Jackal closed his eyes and covered his ears.
"ONE!!!"
His mother then uses her kagune to lift the bed into the air before she launched it through the wall that once sat behind him. His mother grabbed him by the neck, lifted him up and pinned him to the ground. "Never disobey me!" His mom yelled, as she pulled out a rolling pin from behind her. Then Jackal's mom started to beat him with the pin. Each blow made Jackal shriek in pain. Many of the blows were to his back, but she also hit him in the legs, the arms, and the back of the head.
She lifted him up again by the neck and forced him to look into her menacing glare. "Now, to remind you permanently why to never cross me!" His mom screeched. Her kagune then wrapped around her arm and the three-clawed end overlapped her fingers. She then swung her arm back before slashing Jackal across the left side of his face, starting around his eye and ending at his ear. Jackal screamed in agony and he held his face, blood dripping from his hands. Korumo then threw him to the ground and turned to exit his room. Jackal's fear was quickly dissipating and anger was blazing inside him. He uncovered his face and opened his eyes. His newly slashed eye then went from blue to red and the whites of that eye turned black. He looked directly at his mother and screamed, "I HATE YOU!"

Then, for the first time, he felt a ripping sensation on his right shoulder and in a blink of an eye, his mother was impaled in the head by a bright blue object. Jackal peered over his shoulder and gasped. He had unleashed his kagune, for the first time, and at the end of it, was his deceased mother. At first, he was in shock, but a few seconds later, he coiled his kagune and lunged it through his mother's chest. He giggled and continued to stab his mother multiple times, before stopping and saying, "Bye mother."

He crawled over to his mother when his stomach gurgled. "I wonder how you taste." Jackal whispered. He ripped a piece of her kagune and bit into it. "Ugh, you're truly disgusting inside and out... But why do I feel the drive to continue?" Jackal then leaned over his mom's corpse and savagely began to eat her completely.


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/tmsol_chapters/4) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/tmsol_chapters/5)
