# Chapter 1 : Lemur V.S. Steve
---
## Told by: Lemur Kolachnik

**(Year 2017: Outside of an Arena)**

Steve is my father. He raised me to be a fighter. I didnt have the guts to kill. I found it fun to spar with Steve... Until I learned I had to have my final exam by challenging him to an ultimate battle.

It was ceremonial, but still heart wrenching. I didnt want to hurt him, but how could I with a stick as my weapon? Easy, just jab it into the temple or through the eye, or at least that is what Steve said. So the battle started, I bowed and so did Steve and Nautilius, the villager nodded his head to start this battle.

We clashed our weapons 2 or 3 times until he launched me into the air. I landed the fall and charged at Steve holding my stick with two hands, causing a clash with his sword, and it flew out of his grasp! This was my chance!

I just had to get him to my mercy. So I tried to aim for his feet, which should make him stumble. It took 3 hits until he managed to reach his sword and pull it out so quickly, I jumped and my stick flew out of my hands!

I fell on my bottom and I was reaching for my stick and when I looked up, Steve had me at his mercy.  I lost the battle, but Steve dropped his sword, and we shook hands and the crowd applauded and cheered and Steve sent me out to the world that was hidden from me.


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/prologue) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/2)
