# Chapter 10: The Battle Commences
---

## Told by: Lemur

We returned to Yin and Yang's dojo. When we got there, Yin and Yang were waiting for us on their front porch. "You've arrived! Splendid! Come with us." Yang said.

"Wow, you aren't mad at Lemur anymore?" Thorn said.

*Thanks for reminding him Thorn!* I thought.

"No, of course not. I can't hold a grudge on someone, it's just not mature." Yang replied.
We followed Yin and Yang into their dojo and the doors slammed shut behind us. The inside of the dojo was even more amazing than the outside. The floors were a smooth obsidian, and on either side of the walkway stood green dragon statues, with golden eyes and talons.
When we got to the center of the room, all of us stood in awe. In the middle of the floor, stood a massive golden dragon statue, with it's talons outstretched and wings flared out. The craftsmanship on this statue was so impeccable, it almost appeared to be a real living creature. The face was the most detailed, with it's jaw opened and its menacing lime green eyes glaring around the room as if it were trying to find its next meal.
"Wow!" Galaxy exclaimed.

Yin moved next to Galaxy and nudged her shoulder. "It gets better sweetie. Is it alright if I called you sweetie? Oh, forget it!"

Yin then walked to a black tile with a gold trim around it and stood on the tile. Yang also copied Yin's actions, except he stood on a white tile with gold trim. Then Yin and Yang looked up into the dragons eyes, and that's when the eyes came to life! The statue then roared this blood curtling roar and it shot up through a hole in the roof, spinning like a full blown tornado.

As the dragon lifted into the roof, it revealed a golden spiral staircase underneath it, leading into what appeared to be a second floor.
"Come." Yang said, as he started to ascend the staircase. So we all followed Yang up the staircase and we indeed reach a second floor. This floor had a completely different appeal, as it had multiple cylinders lining the walls. When we got closer, we realized that there were people in them! Galaxy must've known the people as she shrieked in shock.

"What are you doing to my people!!!" Galaxy screamed at Yin and Yang.

Yin grabbed the flailing Galaxy and said, "Don't worry, they're just sleeping. You see, everyone who entered this battle will be physically safe here, but will mentally be transported to the battlefield. This is like this due to The Surge and the lack of living people, so we'd prefer if maybe we didn't have so many people perish for a contest."

Galaxy stopped flailing and replied, "Oh okay, thanks for telling me."

"So will we be fine?" I asked, "I mean, if we die on the battlefield, would we still live?"

"Of course!" Yang exclaimed, "However, we will also be erasing the memories of this battle. You will remember that a battle happened, but you won't remember anyone you've met on the battlefield, nor any newfound skills on the battlefield."

Thorn appeared angry with this explanation and yelled, "What!? Why would you erase our memories of this battle!? What is the point of even doing this?!"

"It is for everyone's safety!" Yang replied, "We don't want any grudges to be held on people after the battle and have a barbarious fight leading in real fatality! Not only that, but it is to keep our large village safe from anyone angry of the outcome of the battle!"

"Okay, I understand." Thorn said.

"Good!" Yang replied.

"Now, you will head into a capsule to be mentally transported to the battlefield." Yin explained.

Galaxy was the first to enter one, and she waved goodbye until a hat-like thing grasped the top of her head, which she then became unconscious from. Derek followed next and so did Thorn, repeating Galaxy's actions and getting sucked into a whole new place.
I walked towards my capsule when all of a sudden, I was grabbed on the arm by someone. I turned around to see that it was Yin.
Yang walked over to join him.

"Yes?" I asked.

"Come with us." Yin said.

So I went with Yin and Yang to the other side of the room, where golden capsules sat... But all of them were empty.
"Why do I have to enter this one?" I asked.

Yin turned to me and said in a shaky voice, "We want you to be safe. These capsules don't erase your memory, but rather gathers the data in a time capsule."

"Then why do they not get a memory capturing capsule?" I asked as I pointed to the others in the room.

"Because you are special." Yang said, "You have something that no one else has. You are kind of, in a way, like us. Listen, whenever you want to remember the battle, just return to us, and we'll feed the footage back into you."

"Okay, thanks." I said. I entered my capsule and got comfortable inside. 

"Are you ready?" Yin asked.

"Yes, yes I am." I replied.

Wow, I thought, Yin and Yang, two superpowered beings, just called me special. But what makes me special? What makes me like them? Why should I need my memory of this day back? When would I?

Then I saw the metal hat come down onto my head and felt myself fall instantly into a deep sleep.




[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/9) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/11)

