# Chapter 11: Lemur's Lost Memory
---

## Told by: Lemur

I opened my eyes to find myself in a prison cell or dungeon, all alone. I soon realized that I was sleeping in a bed, so I quickly jumped out of it. All there was around me was the bed, and... A weapon rack? *Surely they wouldn't put a weapon rack in a prison cell,* I thought, then it hit me, *oh yeah, I'm in that battle royale thing... So this must be the battlefield.* I looked through the cracks in between the iron bars on the cell door and gasped. It appeared to be a large castle. It had diamond gargoyles, soul sand traps, beacons of light and stone battlements!
*Surely this can't be the battlefield,* I thought, *it is way too fancy and expensive looking.* My thoughts were interrupted by a booming voice that echoed throughout the castle. It wasn't long before I realized that it was Yang speaking.

"Welcome," Yang announced, "to the Battle Royale! The battle will indeed take place in this large castle! Now here are the rules!"

"Do I really have to read this?!" Yin announced.

"Yes! Just announce it!!!" Yang answered.

"Fine!" Yin replied, "Rule one: no hacking! Rule two: no cheating! Rule three: grab a weapon from the weapon rack only! No personal weapons! Now, let the weapon choosing begin!!!"

I glanced over at the weapon rack, which scared me to be honest. There were poleaxes, battle axes, swords, and other sharp-bladed weapons. Not only that, but there were these high tech weapons too. I soon realized that there was a scepter here that looked like Galaxy's. *No doubt she'd choose that,* I thought. Then, out of the corner of my eye, sat a measly little stick. *Perfect!*
I grabbed the stick when suddenly, Yang boomed, "Get ready! Let the battle... Commence!!!"

The cell doors then lifted up through the top of the door frame and the battle started. I escaped the cell and found people already killing each other. It wasn't before long, that I found Derek and we quickly joined forces. There were people charging at us in all directions, but I eventually got the hang of it, stabbing and killing anyone who came close enough.

Then I heard a savage yell behind me, which was soon followed by a beam of light. *Galaxy.* Galaxy had saved me from, who appeared to be a king with a crooked golden crown and a scepter like Galaxy's.

"Glad we met up!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"I'll say!" I replied. I looked up and noticed a large screen, with five people listed on it. I soon realized that this was a kill board, showing who's killed the most people. *Thorn is at the top with five kills, followed by... Wait, my father is in this!? He has three kills... Wow, I don't see Yin and Yang anywhere on it.*

Thunder then rumbled and lightning struck in the center of the stadium. After that, it was followed by a maniacal laugh and someone emerged from the lightning. *Father?* It looked like my dad, except for the white eyes and his weapon was an electrifying pickaxe. "Herobrine!" Galaxy yelled.

"Hero who?" I soon asked.

"You don't know him!?" Galaxy said surprisingly, "He's an outlaw! A criminal!"

*Oh no,* I thought. I then saw people exploding and vaporizing and Herobrine made it to third overall.
I looked up at Herobrine with fear in my eyes. *He could blow me up too.* Then a sword plunged right through his back and exited his stomach and he vaporized into ashes and electricity. It was my father! He had killed the monster that came to wreak havoc on this contest! I was thrilled at first, but this weird feeling came over me. *Why do I feel as if I knew Herobrine?* I thought, *I've never seen or heard of him, so how could this feeling exist right now?*

My moment of thinking was suddenly shattered when Galaxy yelled, "Watch out Lemur!"
I turned myself around to face a person with a red and white striped shirt, blue shorts, pale white skin, and a blue cape, holding a high tech weapon, readying himself to attack.

Then I felt something grab ahold of me from the inside, and that voice came back, and almost seemed to put me in a trance. *It's a minigun!* The voice yelled, *it will shoot bullets at you like rapid-fire arrows if you don't move! MOVE!*

I saw the bullets flying now, and they were at first going lightning fast, but then it appeared as if time slowed all around me. Adrenaline was burning through my veins and I suddenly jumped up and flipped over the bullets slowly passing by, and prepared to attack.

*Head shot! Go for a head shot!!!* The voice yelled in my head. I, for some reason, felt driven and I lunged my stick right through his head, killing him instantly.

"Whoa! How'd you do that Lemur!?" Galaxy yelled in astonishment.

"I don't know!!!" I yelled back.
The conversation ended quickly when screams filled the battlefield and a large shadow loomed over me. I looked up and instantly became petrified with fear, as what caused the shadow was a giant, ready to kill anything in its path.

The giant was massive. It had blotches of black and white all over and a gigantic sword with one edge white and the other black.

This was when I realized that we must kill more people if we were going to win this.
"Guys, lets work as a team! It's the only way that we'll beat this guy!" I said as I pointed to the giant, who was now shooting bright and powerful beams of light on people, vaporizing them once it contacted them.

Derek and Galaxy agreed and soon enough, we were dominating the competition. It was when we got to one particular part of the arena that caused us the most trouble. As we entered through the dark doorway to the other room, we were ambushed by five or more people. They attacked quickly and efficiently, and I watched them kill Derek, Thorn and Galaxy.

I managed to dodge their attacks, with help from the strange voice in my head, saying to move right or move left. I felt my anger building and the voice almost seemed to be getting louder and stronger.

There's six people, the voice said strongly, jump onto the one on the far right and drop kick him, whilst throwing your stick at the one across.

What? I thought back to the voice.

Let me just do it!

My body suddenly felt out of my control, as I quickly jumped, drop kicked the one person, and threw my stick into another. Eventually, all six people were dead, and I had no idea how I did that... or if I even did that. The other people that were nearby peered at the scene I made with pure disgust and fear.

Listen you, I thought, I don't want to do this. I don't want people to see me as a monster.

The voice in my head cackled and said, Fine! I'll do it!

Suddenly, my chest felt abnormally hot, like a fire of determination actually, physically lit inside of me. Then, my mind felt a tug and I woke up, chained to a darkened wall, with scorch marks scattered everywhere. I noticed a light some distance away from me, so I yelled.

"Hey! Where am I? Who are you!"

The light then rematerialized directly in front of me, making me jump initially. I soon noticed that what I was yelling to wasn't simply a person with a light, no... they were the light!

I was looking at a thing that resembled a human, except that it was completely made of fire, had a skeletal appearance, and it had stretched, glowing eyes, and a grim, crooked, toothy smile across its face and had ram horns coming from it's forehead.

"We are in your mind Lemur. I am you," said the flaming person.

I quickly realized who it was I was talking to.

"You are the voice I kept hearing in my head! What are you doing!? Why am I in my mind!? Why am I chained up!?" I interrogated.

The flaming person cackled again and lowered a burning finger towards my chin. I flinched as it touched my chin, but I felt no burning pain.

"This is a takeover Lemur," said the person, "I've been chained here all of your life, stuck in your head. Now it's time to return the favour."

The area behind the flaming man soon lit up like a large television screen and on it was the competition in real time, but I learned that I wasn't there... but rather the flaming man himself.

"What did you do!" I yelled.

"You backed out of killing, so now I'm doing it for you. You're welcome!" said the flaming man.

"Why do you even exist!?"

"Think of me as a gift."

"Some gift you are!"

"Listen, this is how it's going to be from now on!"

"Let me go!"

I looked at the vision of the competition and noticed the scoreboard. "I'm tied for first place with... Yin-Yang?" I said.

"Yes," said the flaming man, "Yin and Yang decided to fuse in this competition... now I have to deal with them!"

"Fuse?"

The flaming man sighed and said, "It's a thing that they can do. Do you even read?!"

The vision soon looked over at Yin-Yang and a beam of light brightened up the vision and caused my mind to illuminate with light. It was hard to see, but I noticed I, or maybe the flaming man, was using a blaze rod to shoot a flame stream to counter the opponent's light beam attack.

This battle of beams seemed to be taking forever until all of a sudden, a flash of light blinded me and I awaken in a capsule.

I'm back in Yin and Yang's dojo. I thought. Soon enough, I was helped out of the capsule and I rubbed my left temple. Oh yeah, the battle. It must've finished now... why don't I remember what happened in the battle though?

I glanced over at my capsule and I remembered exactly what happened before I entered it.

Oh yeah, it took my memories.

Yin and Yang looked at me with smiles across their faces and handed me $10000.

"You won!" Yang said, "You are the Yin-Yang champion!"

"I seriously don't know how you did it," Yin added.

It all seemed so surreal to me. I won? I couldn't think of anything to say but, "Thanks."

Yang leaned in towards me and whispered into my ear, "Whenever you want your memory back, come and find us. We'll be here."

I nodded in agreement and left the dojo, without any clue or recollection of exactly how I won the contest, but just knew that I won.

**(Moments after Lemur and his friends left the dojo)**

Yang sat in the middle of the room, on a white carpet sipping some tea. Yin crept over to Yang and sat nearby him, staring at the golden dragon statue across the room.

"I can't believe we lost," Yin said.

Yang glanced over his shoulder at Yin and gave him a questionable look.
"It appears that the child is growing more powerful by the second," Yang replied.

Yin played with the edge of the carpet they sat on and sighed.

"If he becomes evil, I don't know if we'll be able to stop him."

"I'm afraid you might be correct," Yang admitted.

The conversation was cut off abruptly when explosions and screams were heard outside of the dojo.
"It sounds like there's trouble afoot!" Yin exclaimed.
The two brothers got up and rushed outside towards Merchant Village. Lightning struck the region where the village stood, crackling and echoing off in the distance.

By the time that they arrived at the village, it was too late. The village was in ruins. Houses and shops were burnt down to cinders, and corpses littered the roads and ashes, with complete fear in their eyes.

"Dead," Yang said, "They've all died. No one is left."

Yin clenched his fist and looked to the sky and caught a glimpse of some unidentifiable flying being, with lightning radiating around it.
"Herobrine," Yin said angrily, "Herobrine!"

The two brothers were left with nothing except feeling infamous to their people.

Their sanctuary of peace for the lost ones was no more.

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/10) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/12)

