# Chapter 12: The Kingdom Walls
---

## Told by: Lemur

We have began the rest of the journey to the Lapis Kingdom. The journey to the kingdom wasn't long, but the repetitive resistance against the undead that drew near was quite tiring.

"Are we there yet!?" Thorn exclaimed impatiently.

"Almost there," Galaxy replied, "Just a little farther."

"You've said 'a little farther' about three farthers ago," Thorn interjected.

I silently agreed to Thorn, as it seemed like ages that we've been walking on this grueling path to an alleged kingdom of which we barely know (apart from Galaxy of course). Then I saw it, and was awestruck.

The walls of the kingdom peeked over the horizon, with their gleaming cobblestone and glistening lapis towers. It was a massive kingdom. We were still quite a distance away, but because the kingdom was so large, it was as if we were already at the gates that enclosed the path.

"The princess has returned!" yelled a guard on the walls.

All of a sudden, the cheers of numerous people intensified in response to the news. We had finally arrived to Lapis Kingdom. Galaxy had been nicely greeted in by the guards, but once we attempted to enter, the guards blocked the entrance with their swords.

"Hold up there," said the guard, "what business do you have with the princess?"

I was at a loss of words as my anxiety of what they'll do grew stronger as each second passed on.

"It's alright Chill," Galaxy exclaimed, "they freed me from evil. They are welcome to join the Kingdom."

Chill, the guard, raised his sword along with the other guard, and said, "Alright, welcome to the kingdom."

The rest of our group entered into the kingdom walls and were awestruck once more. There were so many civilians scattered everywhere, cheering and applauding upon our arrival. It was one of the first times I've ever felt so accepted by a community.

As we passed through the groups of people, following Galaxy, someone caught my eye. As we drew closer, I was astonished. Their face... I recognized it from a missing poster in my village. They were missing people, and they are inhabiting Lapis Kingdom.

"Hey!" I exclaimed, "Do I know you? I came from the one village, run by my father Steve."

The person seemed to be like Derek. They don't really talk much. Finally he agreed and said, "Yes. I am from that village. I am Steven, but everyone calls me by my nickname: Slamacow."

I knew he looked familiar. He was from the famous trio, who travelled across the land, exploring several places. Then, emerged from the crowd, was an enderman in a suit and a zombie in a white shirt.

"These are my friends here. Bart and Dave." Slamacow said.

I greeted them, but couldn't help but feel a sense of dread, because they were the very thing that us people swore to destroy. It was also quite reassuring in that, even if you were considered 'evil', it doesn't mean you have to be evil.

"Lemur, come on!" Derek yelled over the cheering.

I said my farewells to Slamacow, Bart and Dave, and caught up with the others, as we entered the royal hall of the Lapis Kingdom.

Galaxy left us and opened the doors to her royal balcony, a place of her choosing to announce anything she must announce to her people.

"Citizens of Lapis Kingdom," she started, "Your ruler has returned!"

The citizens cheered once more, until Galaxy gestured to quiet down.

"I wouldn't have been able to make it here if it weren't for three valiant heroes. Please welcome, our newest citizens to Lapis Kingdom, Lemur, Derek and Thorn!"

The crowd boomed throughout the kingdom. Galaxy gestured us to pass through the doors and just like that, we were looming over all the proud and grateful people of Lapis Kingdom.




[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/11) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/13)

