# Chapter 13: The Lapis Kingdom
---

## Told by: Lemur

We stepped down from the balcony and reentered the luxurious royal hall. I couldn't help but feel overwhelmed with happiness and pride, as there were people who cheered and seemed so happy for us and our glorious deed.

"Well," Galaxy started, "Now that the announcements are done, ready to be shown around this place?"

We agreed and followed Galaxy to the kingdom outside the hall. As mentioned before, the place was enormous. So enormous, that one wouldn't know where to start sightseeing without a guide or two.

"Here are the towers!" Galaxy exclaimed, "These towers are where our guards go to watch over the gates and kingdom."

The two guards that stopped us at the gate before were there now, guarding as rigidly as ever, until Galaxy came.

"Good evening princess," Chill said.

"Good evening," Galaxy said, then turned to us, "Guys, I'd like to introduce you to our head guards. Chill, and Curtis."

We waved and spoke briefly, introducing ourselves, before taking our leave elsewhere in the kingdom.

"And here are the Lapis Mines!" Galaxy said.

The gaping hole that revealed the mines was ominous. It appeared as if the eternal darkness inside could just swallow you up.

"And these mines are ran by our only miner, Harris," Galaxy said as she gestured to a miner, with a dusty old white shirt, with dirty jeans and two iron pickaxes.

"Hey," Harris said briefly, "Oh, princess. It appears as though the lapis supply is running short. Shall I make a new vein?"

Galaxy pondered on the question before saying, "Yes you may Harris, we must get more lapis ore. You are still free to keep any other ore there still as well."

Harris agreed, bowed, and entered the dark, looming mouth of the cave.

"Ummm Exactly how does that work?" Derek asked.

"Whatever do you mean Derek?" Galaxy replied.

"It's just... How can you only have one miner doing all that? Aren't there others?"

Galaxy seemed to become a tad bit angry inside, but kept her composure and said, "Yes, but they disobeyed the laws of the kingdom. They no longer work in the mines."

Galaxy urged us to continue the tour. We were brought to many houses, shops, parks and plazas before finally finishing our tour.

"Well, did you enjoy it?" Galaxy questioned us.

"Yes," I replied, "It was rather interesting."

Then, some brute of a woman came rushing down the road in a brown leather jacket and brown leather pants, with a gnarly scar scratched upon her arm.

"Galaxy!" she yelled.

"Trina!" Galaxy exclaimed happily, "How have you been doing?"

"Pretty well. Been collecting several bounties and managed to get myself some brand new weapons and traps. Now I should be more than capable of catching even the most powerful of criminals."

"That's great," Galaxy said, "Guys, this is Trina. Her and I go way back to before I ruled."

Our brief introduction was interrupted by some racket down the street. We raced across the street to see a street fight between two people.

"What's going on here!" Galaxy yelled authoritatively, "Jake, Fredi, explain!"

Galaxy and Trina swooped in the fight to intervene and eventually separated the two.

"He's a thief!" Fredi announced, "He stole my golden hoe and shovel. They're really important to me."

"What!?" Jake exclaimed furiously, "I didn't take no hoe or shovel! You are a liar!"

"Settle this instant!" Galaxy yelled.

"I'm sorry Lillian, I'm defending my grounds!" Jake screamed.

The crowd that gathered gasped and the air went silent. Galaxy, who had a hint of pure anger and wrath, turned her head and said in a dreadful voice, "What did you say?"

Jake, who caught his mistake, was struggling to fix things. "Sorry princess, it just slipped out! I was caught up in the moment!"

"Silence!" Galaxy boomed, "Jake the counter-terrorist, you are hereby sentenced to the trial! May the odds ever be in your favour."

Galaxy gestured the guards to seize Jake, and just like that, Jake is disarmed and dragged elsewhere, flailing and yelling profanities and excuses.

"Well guys, it looks like it's your lucky day," Galaxy said, "You get to see what happens to those who break the law."

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/12) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/14)

