# Chapter 14: The Zombie Pit
---

## Told by: Lemur

We followed Galaxy along what seemed to be a never-ending spiral staircase to the top of a spire that overlooked the center of the enormous kingdom.

Unlike the rest of the kingdom, the center was very gruesome and sketchy. It had no inhabitants, but instead had yellowish grass, dying from lack of sunlight, and blotches of deep red, as if the world bled itself. The walls were stained with various colours and it was overall unsanitary compared to the rest of the kingdom.

Suddenly, a gate opened and the guards from before pushed Jake into the circular sketchy pit, and immediately closed the gate before he could escape.

"No please! ANYTHING BUT THIS!!! Please your majesty!" Jake exclaimed, swallowed by apparent dread.

Galaxy sighed before replying, "You know how it works Jake, you break the laws, you face the trial. Release the zombies!!!"

"I'm sorry WHAT?!" I exclaimed towards Galaxy.

Then the groans and moans seemed to have appeared from nowhere. The metal gates rolled up into the walls of the pit and zombies poured out of every opening, as if someone opened the floodgates to Hell itself.

Jake shrieked from the overwhelming situation he was in, and quickly picked up a diamond sword that was lodged into the ground. It was becoming abundantly clear to me why this pit was secluded from the rest of the kingdom. It was Galaxy's double-edged trial.

A zombie pit that would either prove if a criminal is worthy of living, or if they were better off joining the zombie army. It was a genius plan. A crazed, supremely insane idea.

Jake managed to kill quite a couple zombies, which made me believe fearfully that killing isn't new to this individual, as every attack he made was well calculated and skilled. It was almost like watching a performance of some dance, but with a hint of impending doom.
I glanced over and even Derek and Thorn had looks of disgust and dread written across their face. Galaxy's face remained unchanged and emotionless.

*She's a cold-blooded princess,* I thought, *how can she remain so emotionless?* Suddenly I saw someone drop from the top of the wall and impale a zombie with a golden hoe in an instant. Upon further watching, I soon realized that it was the guy from the dispute earlier. Fredi.

"What's the meaning of this!?!" Galaxy yelled.

"Yeah what gives?" Jake said, "You aren't the one punished, I am."

Fredi lodged a golden shovel into another zombie's head before explaining, "This punishment is inhumane, and I needed to get someone strong into the pit so I could get in here with a powerful warrior and end this once and for all."

"WHAT!?" Galaxy exclaimed, "Well, I guess you'll meet your fate now as well Fredi. So long."

Derek, Thorn and I all looked at the twisted princess with a look of what the legitimate hell?

"I'm sorry Galaxy," Thorn suddenly said, "But this is seriously messed up and I wont have it!"

Thorn then leapt off the edge of the towering spire and landed in the menacing pit, fighting zombies alongside Fredi and Jake. I watched in disbelief as Galaxy yelled at Thorn for betraying her command.

"Too many people have died from this plague," Derek muttered.

Derek then too leapt into the pit and yelled, "No more! No one else shall be lost!!!"

"WHY YOU!? DEREK, THORN!!! HOW DARE YOU!?" Galaxy yelled, then she turned to me, "Don't you even think about it."

Her chilling remark nearly petrified me, however, even I couldn't just stand and watch innocent people, or even guilty people get eaten by these walking corpses.

Thus, I too jumped into the pit, when all of a sudden, this headache came over me.
*Hehe,* laughed a voice in my head, *finally you do something interesting. Very well.*

It was the same voice from before. The voice I thought came from the zombie head, only now it sounded clearer, and even gentle and persuasive, with this underlying fear of how convincing the voice was.

"LEMUR! WHAT THE HELL!?!" Galaxy yelled.

*Now, follow my lead,* the voice echoed. It suddenly seemed as though I was glancing over future events as I saw myself attack multiple zombies with an efficient and swift movement. *Now, go!* The voice yelled.

Suddenly, it felt as though I couldn't control my movements, or perhaps, I had so much control that it felt unnatural. I did every movement and fatal attack as I foresaw with pure perfection and managed to kill multiple zombies.

I glanced back up at Galaxy, who seemed to be engulfed with several emotions, like anger, fear, astonishment, even sadness. She looked like a volcano of emotions about to erupt.

That's when three mysterious guys came into the arena. They just appeared. One was human, but the others were an enderman and a zombie in fact.
They must've teleported in here, I thought, for some reason, they look familiar. It wasn't before long that I realized it was Steven and his friends that had joined the fight. Steven used this stick with a blue ribbon tied to the end and whacked zombies with it, turning them into various materials like stone, dirt, gold even.

Bart suddenly disappeared for some reason, while Dave was attacking with these two large sickles. We were slaying the horde and Galaxy was still frozen with emotion above, watching.

Then finally Bart had arrived with a tree! The enderman then swung the tree into the remaining zombies, killing them instantly, and just like that, the zombie pit was nothing more than a dreadful memory.

"Thanks guys," Jake said with joy of surviving.

We all congratulated each other for the rough battle we claimed victorious on.

After the fight for survival ended, Derek, Thorn and I went back up to the spire to confront Galaxy.
"Lemur, can we have a moment alone?" Galaxy asked.

I agreed and I followed her to a room halfway down the spire and I blurted, "Sorry for disobeying –"

"No no, its not about that," Galaxy interrupted, "I see now how bad that punishment really was. What I wanted to talk about was your battle technique."

I was sort of confused, so I let her continue.

"It was as if you spent thousands of years perfecting a technique for every possible situation, which is impossible for you, no offense. You moved so gracefully, and fought so valiantly, it looked as though you were experiencing a slower time than others, you were so careful, but effective. How'd you do that?"

I wasn't really sure myself. Was I experiencing slower time? Who was this voice anyhow? Do I know them? Due to the possible complications of explaining disembodied voices, I simply blew it off as my training with my dad Steve.

"Oh, alright," she said, "Steve must be an expert. Well, now that this experience is over, I wanted to give you this."

Galaxy then gave me this beautiful golden medallion with a bloodstone embedded in the center.

"What is this?" I asked.
"It was my father's," Galaxy explained, "It was the last thing he gave me before he disappeared along with my mother. He told me it will give whoever has it, good luck, so I want you to have it."

"I can't accept this," I said, "It's your dad's and I don't think—"

"No please, I insist. I wanted to give this medallion to someone who I feel I could trust to heart. So, Ill give it to you."

I accepted the medallion and as it touched me, I could've sworn the bloodstone glowed ever so faintly. I gave it a closer inspection. *Wow, this is really something,* I thought, *the detail in it is magnificent.*

"Thank—" I started, and then I soon realized that Galaxy had already left. I put the medallion into my pocket and I left to join my friends at the top once again.




[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/13) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/14_5)

