# Chapter 14.5: Hidden Passage
---

**(Year 2012)**

"What!? I'm going to be in charge of the kingdom?!" Galaxy asked shockingly.

"Yes Lily," Galaxy's father, Arthur said, "Your mother Lazuli and I will be venturing outside the walls for a night together. In the meanwhile, we'll need you to rule Lapis Kingdom while we're gone, alright?"

"Alright!" Galaxy replied.

Galaxy was a bit nervous being given so much responsibility on such short notice, however, she wouldn't let her parents down.

"Oh, and Lily," Arthur said suddenly, "I want you to have this."

Galaxy's father handed her a golden medallion. In the medallion held a bloodstone, the Lapis Kingdom's trademark stone for male royalty, just as lapis lazuli was the stone for the female royalty.

"Why are you giving me your lucky medallion?" Galaxy asked.

Galaxy's father laughed and said, "It isn't really lucky, it's just something I like having on me. I'm giving it to you because I wanted to for quite some time. One day, you'll give this to someone whom you trust very dearly. Right now, I trust you with it, and when that special someone comes along, make sure you give it to them. Alright?"

Galaxy was very confused about this, but she agreed and accepted the medallion. She thought love was kind of silly, and she believed that she wouldn't actually fall for someone like that.

Galaxy watched as her parents exited the gates of the kingdom to go off on their special date.

Afterwards, Galaxy went to play tag with her best friends, Trina and Chill.

"You're ruler now!?" Trina exclaimed.

"Only for the time being," Galaxy said, "When they return, I'm not ruling anymore."

"Still though, very cool," Trina replied.

"OH NO! Here comes Chill!" Galaxy yelled.

Galaxy and Trina ran away from Chill as he was "it" and suddenly, Galaxy ran into someone by accident.

"Hey! Watch where you're going!" Galaxy exclaimed.

The person she ran into was none other than the mysterious orphan of the Lapis Kingdom, Lucinda. No one knows when she got there, or who her parents were. She was one of the creepy children of the Kingdom. She had blonde hair, with one strand of snow-white hair and often wore dark clothing, which led to her being called a witch often, because of her dreadful beauty, and everything seemed much colder and scarier with her around.

"You're the one who ran into me!" Lucinda yelled.

Galaxy got quite peeved and started to approach her. Trina and Chill tried dragging her out from a possible fight, but Galaxy wouldn't listen nor budge. She was ready to fling fists at Lucinda.

"Oh, you're approaching me?" Lucinda said.

This remark made Galaxy even more angry and she swung her fist at Lucinda's face. Lucinda was startled from this punch and then got furious, thus engaging in combat.

They both fought each other with fists flying and eventually a crowd built up around them.

"I hate you SO MUCH!" Lucinda yelled at Galaxy.

"Oh yeah! Well EVERYONE HATES YOU!" Galaxy exclaimed, "Who loves some creep orphan anyway!?"

This truly hurt Lucinda, so when Galaxy hit her again, she cried and ran off from the fight. The crowd of people looked at Galaxy with pure disgust and hate.

"That was a low blow," Chill said, "You should apologize."

Galaxy admitted that she felt awful afterwards, and the hate comments from the crowd weren't helping either. She agreed to apologize and went to the northern part of the walled kingdom to where Lucinda apparently lived.

When she got there, the house itself seemed really cold, as if it were stuck in a never-ending winter. Galaxy knocked on the freezing cold door and the door creaked open.

Galaxy snuck into the house and found it completely empty. No one was inside and the only sign of anyone once living there was the kerosene lamp that was lit still on the table. Galaxy walked over to the table and found a note. It read:

*To Whom it May Concern,*

*I'm not staying here. I hate it here. Everyone here hates my guts, and I'm fed up with life inside the walls. Everywhere I turn, more and more insults and disgusted faces find me. My life is freer beyond the walls, thus why I am leaving. Don't come looking for me. I don't want to return here. Hell, no one probably will look for me. Lillian, if you are reading this, you messed up. I will never forget this day.*

*Lucinda.*

Galaxy immediately became overwhelmed with emotions and charged out of the house. She ran about the streets, looking her best for Lucinda and eventually found herself at the gates. The gates that separated the peaceful life inside the walls from the apocalyptic world beyond.
Though for Lucinda, I suppose they'd be the same. Maybe even the opposite. Galaxy thought.

"Hello Princess Lillian, what brings you here?"

Galaxy got startled and realized a guard stood at the gate all this time.

"Hello there, have you seen a girl named Lucinda? Blonde hair, with white? Kind of creepy?" Galaxy asked.

"Why yes I did, she just left moments ago."

"WHAT!?" Galaxy yelled, "You just let her out!?!?!"

"Well yeah, people are free to leave if they want, regardless of age."

"I have to go find her!!!"

Galaxy was about to exit the walls when all of a sudden Trina and Chill appeared behind her.

"Galaxy! You can't leave!" Trina exclaimed.

"But I have to! She's all alone out there! I have to help her; I have to make things right!!!" Galaxy yelled back as Trina and Chill were restraining her from exiting.

"Galaxy, it's too late," Chill said calmly, "She's already gone. If you go out there, you could die. She may be already dead."

"Low blow," Trina said to Chill, "But he's right, there's too much risk. The kingdom needs you here."

"I'm sorry..." Galaxy muttered to herself.

The three friends walked away from the gate and spent the rest of the day thinking about poor Lucinda out there.

**(Later that night...)**

"ARTHUR!!!" Lazuli screamed with pure dread.

Arthur fell at his knees in front of Lazuli Galaxy, with a gaping stab wound in his back and stomach.

"I... love you Lazuli... I will..." Arthur said weakly before getting his head impaled by the pickaxe of a silhouette of darkness, with eyes glowing white.

"ARTHUR NO!!!" Lazuli exclaimed.

"Arthur was a reasonable king," the figure said, "Too bad he had to die like this."

"YOU MONSTER!!!"

Lazuli leapt to her feet and attempted to attack the shady figure. Lightning suddenly struck from the pickaxe, electrocuting Lazuli, and causing her to fall to the ground, appearing lifeless.

"Pity pity," the figure said, "Quite unfortunate actually. This is a sad night indeed."

The figure looked up into the night sky, watching the stars twinkle and the moon glow it's lustrous silver.

"Hero...brine..." Lazuli muttered, "You... won't... live..."

"I won't what?" the figure asked, "I'm pretty sure you're the one dying here."

"It's... only a... matter... of time."

Herobrine became enraged with her remark and filled her body with electricity until it exploded, showering the plants with blood like a rainy day.

"Matter of time? These victims get better and better," Herobrine said to himself, "Matter of time for what I wonder."





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/14) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/15)

