# Chapter 15: The Lapis Mines
---

## Told by: Lemur

After we terminated the Zombie Trial, Derek, Thorn and I decided to further explore the Lapis Kingdom. One place that really intrigued me was The Lapis Mines.

"Let's go to the mines!" I exclaimed.

Thorn chuckled and replied, "Why would you want to go down into some dusty old mine?"

"Because it's mysterious, and I don't know... I sort of like caves in general."

So off we went to the mines. Upon approaching the mines, we we're encountered by the knight, Chill.

"Hey, sorry this is so sudden, but have you seen Harris?" Chill asked.

I almost forgot who Harris was again until I remembered the brief encounter of the dusty miner from the tour earlier.

"No, we haven't seen him," I said.

"Oh," Chill replied, "I need to let him know to not start the new vein in the mine just yet."

"Why?" I pondered.

"I've been hearing some zombies behind some of the mine's walls. There is a very high risk factor that their are underground caves holding some zombies behind the walls of the mine. If you find him, let me --"

Suddenly, we all heard a loud shriek followed by some clattering and banging of metal being dropped.

"Oh no, you don't think," Derek started.

"I have to go now!" Chill said alarmingly, "That was Harris' voice!"

Chill charged down into the dark, creepy entrance of the mine. Despite any longing fears of what would be at the base of the mine, we all unanimously decided to follow right behind the knight, to offer some aid to the possible dilemma below.

When we got to the base, we found a cowering Harris on the ground, with zombies overlooking his defeated state. Amongst the zombies I spotted something else... something humanoid, but it had a metallic tinge to it. Chill leapt off the step of the entrance into the mine and impaled two zombies with one of his swords and used the other sword to behead them.

Derek and Thorn soon followed, fighting alongside one another with much difference in style, but together, managed to create a spectacular of fighting talent, killing the corpses one by one. It was at this time the cave lit up suddenly, and just like that, one of the zombies were on fire!

That metallic thing I saw earlier appeared to be a humanoid robot, outfitted with crimson armoured plating and in it's robotic hands, it wielded fire unlike anything I've ever seen before. Suddenly, it had it's sights on me and released a fireball.

Almost instantaneously, I felt a switch pull inside me, and it seem as if time slowed to a halt, and I casually dodged the fireball. I lunged towards this metallic foe with my stick held high and attempted to jab into the body of it.

Unfortunately, although the attack was planned well, the one fatal flaw made was hitting the armour, as this only scratched it, leaving all vital parts unscathed.

I continued aimlessly slashing and lunging while this bot kept attacking, and no matter what I did, nothing seemed to work.

Crack!

I looked up and out of the blue, an arrow was lodged in this robot's eye, essentially blinding it. I looked behind me and there stood a woman wearing jade armour, and wielding a bow and arrow. It was at this time, that I found the weak spot of the robot. *The lights,* I thought, *It's eye was the only part unarmoured, and it was a light. There appears to be another light... On it's chest!*

I swung my arm back, with stick in hand, and dug my stick as far into this robot's chest as humanely possible. The robot staggered backward, disoriented from both of the attacks, but wasn't finished yet.

"It's not dead yet!" I exclaimed.

And just like that, the robot suddenly split in two. Chill was behind it, and he must've jabbed his swords through the back, and spread his swords apart, ripping the robot in half at the torso. Chill then grabbed my stick, lodged in the robot's chest, and swung it's upper portion into the lake of lava that resided within the cave. The leg portion of the robot staggered and then collapsed. The robot has died.

"I believe this belongs to you," Chill said as he handed me my stick.

"Thanks," I replied.

"No thank you," Chill said, "Thank you all. Now... who are you exactly?"

Chill peered at this woman in green armour and the woman smiled slightly.

"I am Scarlet, an elite archer of the Lapis Kingdom. I heard some commotion happening in the mines and decided to investigate. Looks like I came at the right time."

"You sure did, thanks Scarlet," Thorn replied.

We all exited the cave together, and while exiting, I questioned myself about the new foe in the cave. *What was that robot?* I thought. *Are there more of them? Who could've made it, and are they controlling it? Worse yet, why was it here?*




[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/1) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/1)

