# Chapter 16: The Doctor's In
---

## Told by: Lemur

It was early next morning that I woke up and found that I may not have dodged the fireball as well as I thought. I had a burn mark across the right side of my neck and it appeared to have bled for quite a bit overnight. Thus, I went off alone to the labs where two medical professionals and scientists resided. They were a father and son duo so they are referred to as Dr. Osbourne Jr. and Dr. Osbourne Sr.

When I approached the building where they apparently inhabited, it appeared to be just your average house. It had red brick walls, a black shingled roof and blue orchids growing at either side of the stone pathway leading to their door. It was a serene and peaceful appearance, like one of those houses you'd find in a painting.

When I entered inside, however, that was a different story. The inside was dark... real dark, with black floors, walls and ceilings and cyan lights were strung along the top of the walls, giving the interior an eerie appearance. I glanced over at one of the rooms and that's when I saw it.

In the room stood multiple humanoid robots, in silver and black. All of them looked identical to each other. When the Osbournes appeared in the entrance of the room, I immediately started to question them.

"It was you wasn't it!? You were the creator of the flame wielding robot in the mine! You nearly killed us with that thing!" I exclaimed.

"Calm down," said Dr. Osbourne Senior, "We have no clue what you are talking about. We do work on various humanoid robots, but none of which that wields fire. As you can see as well, every one of the robots resides here, shut down and look identical. What did this robot look like?"

I described the flame robot from yesterday as clearly as I possibly can to the doctors and they replied, "We don't have red robots here, only silver and black, so it's definitely not our robot."

"Sorry for accusing you," I said.

"No worries," said the Junior Osbourne, "I mean, it's not everyday that you walk into a building filled with robotics. Now, what brings you here exactly?"

I peeled my sweater from off the burn wound for them to have a closer look.

"That's a pretty nasty burn you got there," Senior said, "We'll have to sanitize it first, and then we'll bandage you up good as new!"

I sat there in the uncomfortable, old, wooden chair. They had me sit there and restrained at the arms for protective reasons. They didn't need their patients attacking them or reaching at their wounds because the sanitary process is said to be excruciatingly painful.

Dr. Osbourne Sr. grabbed a syringe and filled it with this saline solution. Then he approached me and said, "Now this will sting a bit."

He injected me with the needle and it stung way more than I expected. I jumped at the searing pain of the needle entering the burn and then they even jumped back which made me more anxious. I looked over my shoulder and saw that blood started to trickle from the wound, which is to be expected, but the syringe was shattered on the floor, and the needle part... was melted?

"Quick! Get some water!" Osbourne exclaimed to his son, "It's catching the floor on fire!"

The floor almost immediately went up in flames and it seemed that the blood had trickled onto my sweater, also catching it on fire. I was distressed instantly, which seemed to make matters worse as the fire on the floor grew more intense in heat and fierceness. It was soon that I noticed that for some reason, despite having a hot flame touching my body directly, it didn't burn much, in fact, it didn't burn at all. It seemed to be healing my burn wound.

Dr. Osbourne Jr. had come back with a bucket of water and tossed it at the raging floor fire and me. Luckily, the fires went out, and when I looked at the floor, I was shocked. The needle, which had touched my blood, had melted and hardened into a lump of metal on the ground. The Osbournes seemed more fascinated than shocked.

"What was that about?!" Junior said, "We must get blood samples, DNA tests, everything! You, my friend have become a fascinating specimen in the world of scientific discoveries!"

"Woah woah woah," I said, "I came here to be treated for my wounds, not poked at for science."

"Not only that," Senior started, "But it seemed as though this child's blood melted the needle instantaneously. How are we supposed to collect samples when his blood is like magma!?"

Junior seemed even more fascinated when he glanced at my neck.

"Paps, look! His neck is healed! It's like the wound was never there!"

Senior investigated the wound with awe and complete astonishment.

"Have you ever had stuff like this happen before?" Senior said, "Like, any tests, or any bloodshed?"

I admitted to not having any tests involving needles done, though I did have bloodshed before, but it didn't cause anything to burst into flames before. In fact, the blood on my sweater from last night didn't burn my sweater, only the blood from when I was agitated and in pain started blazes.

"We should tell the princess immediately!" Junior said as he ran towards the door.

"Hold it right there!" said Senior, "You know the moral code of doctors. We cannot disclose the patient's information or medical history to anyone without consent from the patient."

The doctors looked at me, obviously waiting for my consent to break the news to the princess.

"I'm sorry," I said, "I don't feel comfortable having anyone else know this experience. I don't want to be singled out for being some freak that set fire to the office with just my blood."

"Very well," Senior said, "This will only be kept between us three. Since anyways, the princess never really cares about medical information, so it wouldn't violate anything to not tell her."

"Alright, thanks," I replied.

The Osbournes untied the restraints on my arms and walked me to the front door.

"Please do come back," Junior said, "You really are something else, and just know that this isn't some creepy thing we do. We are just fascinated with these newfound conditions and we want to investigate deeper to better understand them. That's just what we do."

I glanced back at the doctors, and pondered. *I too want to understand... understand exactly what just happened. Why did my blood cause a fire? Is there a cure? Is there something that it can't burn?*

The questions overtook me and I replied, "I promise I'll come back. I too want to learn the mystery of this visit, thus I place one condition. I have full knowledge and authority over what exactly is done involving me and am told any discoveries uncovered. I want to understand what this means alongside you, not as your test subject or lab rat."

The doctors discussed this among themselves and agreed that this condition is doable, thus beginning the silent investigation of what I am, and what I'm capable of.


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/15) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/17)

