# Chapter 17: The Walls Fall Down
---

## Told by: Lemur


It had been a week since we've arrived at Lapis Kingdom. We've met many people and seen many things. Today I had a brief discussion with Steven, Bart and Dave, on why they exactly left my father's village. They're a mysterious bunch, being a multi-species trio and all and their motives for leaving was just that.

Many people didn't like the idea of befriending the common enemy like zombies or endermen, so they left for freedom of the hate speech.

Anyhow, aside from meeting the people of Lapis Kingdom, we've grown accustomed to the culture of the kingdom, almost leaving behind any worry of the outside world.

Thorn, Derek and I attended some of the knight training sessions that the kingdom held for those who wanted to become a knight. The style of the fight was much different from dad's fighting style, but it was a great experience. Unfortunately, we didn't qualify as knights due to losing a couple of points. You see, only one could become knight if they ace the examination.

Along with the training, I secretly visited the Osbournes frequently, to uncover more secrets that are held within me. So far, the facts we found are:

*1. Lemur's blood reaches an estimated 1673 K (equivalent to roughly 1400° C, or 2552° F), which, on average is hotter than magma.*

*2. Lemur's blood only reaches this temperature when he feels pain or some negative emotion such as anxiety, anger, agitation, or annoyance.*

*3. The blood doesn't exist for long wherever it lands. It is to be determined if it just evaporates, or if it becomes the flame itself (a semi plasma form).*

*4. The heat or flames caused by the blood doesn't have any effect on Lemur. He can stand in the flames and in fact, they would heal him, not wound him.*

*It is still unknown as to why the blood does this.*

The facts pleases me to know for safety reasons and perhaps could even be used in a strategic way. For example, if I doused an enemy in my blood while agitated, I could easily burn them alive. Kind of morbid, but in the face of do or die, that is a resolve I'm willing to take to live another day.

"Lemur, what are you thinking?" Thorn asked suddenly, disturbing my train of thought.

"I'm just reminiscing," I replied.

"Don't forget, Galaxy wanted to see you sometime today," Thorn said, "I swear she's got feelings for you."

Thorn then laughed a mighty laugh. I blushed at the thought of Galaxy and I being a couple, but I brushed off Thorn's comment as a joke.

I left to go to the castle, and to my surprise, Galaxy was waiting for me at the entrance.

"What took you so long?" Galaxy asked.

"I was just getting cleaned up," I said.

I did actually clean up, but that wasn't nearly what took me so long, but rather just daydreaming.

"Oh," Galaxy replied, "Well anyhow, I wanted you to come here because I had something to tell you."

"And what would that be?" I asked curiously.

Galaxy appeared to be turning slightly red in the face, and she said, "You still got that medallion?"

"Yes."

Galaxy paced back and forth before saying, "I gave that medallion to you for more than just to show my trust to you."

"Oh?"

"I also gave it to you because I lo--"

*BANG!*

Suddenly a large explosion appeared at the front gates, followed by several shrieks and screams of terrorized citizens.

"Oh no!" Galaxy exclaimed, "It can't be!"

"What can't be!?" I asked in slight terror.

Galaxy then ran towards the sight of the explosion and then more explosions happened.

*BANG! BANG!*

"Galaxy!!! Wait up!" I yelled as I chased her through the suddenly busy streets of scared people and chaos. I looked towards the explosion site and caught a glimpse of what appeared to be a lightning bolt, but instead of coming from the sky, it came from the ground, and it was followed by another loud explosion.

And that's when the nightmares and fears of the outside world reminded me that it will never be forgotten. Everything that everyone hid from inside this kingdom will now awaken them back into this living hell...

The walls came crashing down.

I managed to catch up with Galaxy and what was left in front of us was a blazing inferno that was formerly a calm, pleasing establishment of houses.

"Lemur!" Galaxy exclaimed, "Get behind those wall fragments quickly!"

I then darted across and hid behind the shattered wall with Galaxy. Suddenly swarms of Undead creatures came charging in by the hundreds, in a fashion that deviated their usual slower motions. When the hordes of zombies finally passed us, we got up from our safe spot and gathered at the initial wreckage of the wall... and that's when we spotted it.

Amongst the debris of the fallen wall lied the charred and crushed body of Chill, the dual wielding knight.

"CHILL!!!" Galaxy yelled in disbelief. I helped her remove the rocks and wooden beams on top of the knight and we both checked his vitals.

"He's dead..." Galaxy muttered, "We were too late."

Galaxy, despite being a truly strong individual, appeared to have shattered right before my eyes, which drove me into wanting to do whatever I can to help her.

"He could still make it," I said irrationally.

Chill's body was a mangled mess, and I knew deep down that there was no chance of even reviving him for a split second, but I had to do something. I couldn't just leave him there and have Galaxy shattered. There must be something.

I lifted up Chill's body and continued, "The Osbournes might have something that can save him!"

Galaxy, who also highly doubted the possibility agreed and dashed towards the Osbourne's house and laboratory. As we continued along the chaotic road, we passed by several bodies of both innocent people and rotten zombies. It wasn't before long before we were met by Derek and Thorn in the madness.

"What's going on!?" Derek asked loudly.

"It's a raid!" Galaxy exclaimed, "Herobrine is here!"

*Herobrine?* I thought. *Who is Herobrine? Why does that name sound familiar?*

Thorn noticed me heaving the body of Chill and said, "I don't think he's-"

Thorn started to piece together the puzzle as he saw our faces and said, "I'll carry him."

I handed the body to Thorn, who easily put him over his shoulders and we made the mad dash to the Osbournes, when suddenly ahead, we saw someone fighting off multiple zombies with a single iron sword. It was Trina.

"Die, die, DIE!" Trina yelled valiantly as she struck the zombies that swarmed her.

"TRINA!" Galaxy yelled.

Trina glanced over and yelled, "Princess! You're alr-"

*SHING!*

Just like that, one of the manic zombies had brutally stabbed and gutted her right before our eyes, with an iron sword it wielded. Trina fell to her knees before being engulfed by the zombie horde she fought off, with her flesh being torn off like tape on a wall.

Galaxy grimaced at the sorry sight, but knew that they had to get into the laboratory, thus we had no other choice but to leave the feasting zombies. That's when a shriek came from inside the building.

"That sounded like Junior Osbourne!" I yelled.

We barged into the building to find a single zombie gnawing at the neck of Dr. Osbourne Senior. Derel swung his sword back when suddenly the zombie sprung up, tore a chunk out of Senior's neck, and dodged Derek's sword. The zombie then lunged at the cowering Junior when suddenly a beam of light disintegrated the head of the zombie, killing it instantly. Junior leapt to his feet and Thorn put Chill's body on a table next to Senior.

"We'll guard the entrances," Thorn and Derek said as they went to opposite sides of the household.

"Quick, we have to help Senior!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"But what about Chill!?" I replied.

"He's already..." Galaxy started, "Senior is still alive, and is more important to keep alive right now."

I understood and us three went to Senior's side.

"Senior, we're going to save you." Galaxy said, when suddenly, Junior froze with what appeared to be fear.

Junior then hung his head down low and muttered, "It's no use."

"What do you mean!?" I asked.

"The zombie... bit into dad's Carotid artery... and tore a good chunk out... he's going to bleed out."

Junior cried as he held his dad in his arms, with a gauze pressed on his neck wound.

"S...on?" Senior said weakly.

"Dad, you don't need-"

"I... know... I'm not going to..." Senior continued, "I just want... want you to know... that I..."

I looked up in disbelief and said, "His pulse... he's dead."

Junior, Galaxy and I broke down at the doctor's death when I felt a sudden tug in my head... and then the voice came.

*Are you just going to let Herobrine get away with it?*

I gasped and stood up quickly and unnaturally.

"Lemur?" Galaxy said between sobs.

*You really are pathetic Lemur.*

"Shut up!" I shouted.

"No one's talking," Junior said.

*Couldn't save anyone could you. You've let down her. You let down the knight.*

"LEAVE ME ALONE!" I shouted louder, as my rage was building.

"What's going on!?" Derek yelled down the hall.

*You let down her friend and not to mention the doctor.*

"GO AWAY!!!" I exclaimed excruciatingly loud, as I punched a hole into the wall of the building.

It's time.

Suddenly my vision began to narrow into this vignette of darkness, as if I were watching myself see the outside world. Then the darkness began to turn red and chains wrapped around me.

*I'm enslaving you. Your conscience.*

I looked up from the narrowed vision and a twisted, demonic looking being grinning at me with an evil outlook. It was chaining me up inside my mind.

"Why are his eyes red?" The seemingly distant voice of Thorn asked.

*It's time, for the takeover.*

And then the room exploded into a ball of flames.

## Told by: Several Witnesses of the Event

Right before their eyes, they watched in horror as Lemur, their angered friend, exploded in a fiery blazing doom. It was a twisted, evil, and somewhat bizarre phenomenon.

Lemur himself didn't seem to be burning from fire, but rather... he was generating it.

"What's going on with Lemur!?" Thorn yelled in complete terror.

"I have no clue!" Galaxy replied.

The roof of the lab exploded above as the beam of pure flaming heat purged the skies above.

"We have to evacuate this building NOW!" Derek said.

"But what about-" Junior started.

"We can't save him!" Galaxy yelled in emotions of fear and dismay, "He'll burn us on contact! He's just too dangerous to drag with us!"

Reluctantly, the four agreed and busted out a window. Thorn, Derek, and Junior leapt out the window, while Galaxy took a quick second to peer back at Lemur, as she didn't want to leave Lemur like this. When she looked back at him, she was hit with a disturbing sight.

Lemur's body had become almost skeletal, and engulfed in flames and out of his forehead sprouted what appeared to be ram horns. Suddenly, the sound of collapsing tinder broke Galaxy out of her trance and she jumped out the window.

The group of four fled the lab, leaving Lemur behind. Once they got a safe distance away, an explosion came from the vicinity of the lab, followed by an unearthly, distorted screech. Suddenly, out from the explosion shot out what appeared to be a comet, but instead of coming from the sky, it came from the ground.

The comet seemed intelligent as it could change it's flight path drastically, and then out from the comet, shot beams of fire! The four watched in horror as several houses brutally bursted and exploded in an inferno and screams of panic flooded the kingdom.

"WHAT IS THAT!?" Thorn exclaimed.

"I THINK IT'S LEMUR!" Galaxy explained in astonishment.

"What!? How?" Derek asked.

"I don't know," Galaxy said hopelessly, "He was transforming into something unearthly when I glanced at him for the last time."

And that's when they heard the shrieks of people burning alive.

"We have no time to chat!" Junior exclaimed, "I'm sorry to disrupt, but we have to-"

"It's alright," Galaxy said, "We'll die here unless something happened and happened quickly. Listen up! We need to evacuate as many people as we possibly can! We need to save all of them!"

The four agreed and split into groups of two, searching for, saving and evacuating as many people as they can before the kingdom became extinct.

**Meanwhile... Elsewhere in the Kingdom...**

Curtis, Jake's brother and a fellow guard of the Kingdom, gazed upon the flaming doom that flew above the kingdom. He watched in complete fear as countless people and zombies crackled and blistered in the streets in front of him. He involuntarily listened to the numerous blood curtling screams followed by the demonic screeches that reminded him of the living Hell they resided in.

"I knew it," Curtis said, "I knew something was up with that Lemur kid. Now I know. He's a monster. I should've suspected something when this wimpy excuse for mankind somehow saved the princess, won the Yin-Yang challenge, and also defeated countless zombies in the zombie pit saving my brother. He couldn't be that strong unless something was up."

Curtis then sprung up as a twisted and truly evil idea crossed his mind.

"He has to die."

"I agree."

Curtis, who became startled by the sudden voice, quickly turned around and got into a lunging position with his knives... ready to obliterate any foe who stood nearby. Behind him stood a rather tall individual. Curtis couldn't make out any features of the person, it just seemed to be an embodiment of darkness and shadow.

"Whoa there, no need to get aggressive." The dark figure said.

"Who are you!? What do you want!?" Curtis exclaimed, "Answer!"

"Alright calm down," the shadow figure said, "My name is Rich, though people call me Null. I'm here to talk."

"That seems highly unlikely."

"You hate Herobrine right?"

"Yes," Curtis admitted, "Who doesn't? He purges and raids everyone. He's a menace to society!"

"What if I told you that... Lemur you said? What if I said that Lemur is his son."

Curtis lunged at Null, who quickly evaded the attack and knocked the knives from Curtis' clenched fists.

"IMPOSSIBLE!" Curtis explained.

"Think of this logically," Null said, "Herobrine has unearthly powers. Lemur apparently can burst into flames. Would you say that is unearthly?"

Curtis realized this and appeared astonished.

"Of course," Curtis said, "How couldn't I make this link... Lemur is son of Herobrine, not Steve like he said. What does this have to do with you being here Null?"

"I'm here to help you," Null said.

Null then summoned from thin air a golden gauntlet with a large jade coloured gem embedded on the backside of the palm.

"What is this?" Curtis inquired.

"This..." Null said, "Is what you're going to use to eliminate Lemur."

Null handed Curtis the gauntlet and they both made a sinister grin to each other.

"Thanks," Curtis said as he put on the gauntlet, "Together, we will eliminate all evil in this world. Starting with Lemur himself."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/16) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/18)

