# Chapter 18: The Kingdom Evacuation
---

## Told by: Lemur

I watched, or rather, my conscience watched this twisted evil control my body, and destroy every inch of the kingdom in the form of a horrifying beam of fire. Chained in the corners of my mind, I couldn't do anything except watch in horror as I see myself kill countless civilians and zombies in the most painful of ways... burning them alive.

"WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS!?!?" I exclaimed in anger.

The fiery being sighed before saying, "You really don't get it do you?"

"GET WHAT!?"

"I'm like your inner demon, or rather, am your demon."

"Demon?"

"Indeed," The fiery being said as he gestured to his horns, "I am what's more commonly known amongst Hell as a Kaīta. A fire demon. I'm like an inner power of yours... but don't think of me as just a power... I have intelligence don't forget! I'm more like..."

"Another personality," I replied.

"Yes, exactly."

I watched the screen viewing what my body is seeing and at the corner of it, I see what appears to be Thorn and Dr. Osbourne Junior, gathering civilians.

"Ah yes, your friends are saving people," The Kaīta said, as if he heard my thoughts, "I could just do them o-"

"DON'T!!!" I yelled.

It appeared as though my complete anger through that statement managed to break away the restraints that held me and it felt as though I gained some control back.

"NO!" Kaīta said, "Don't send me back, you do realize that from this height we-"

"I'm not sending you back," I reassured the Kaīta.

"What?"

"I said I'm not locking you away. Listen, you said you are like an inner power, which leads me to believe to not fear you. Sure you are demonic, but if you are an inner power of me, then I might as well fear myself, and that won't get us anywhere. I'm just saying if we could make a compromise."

"You're literally thinking of making a deal with a demon?" the Kaīta chuckled and boomed.

That's when I saw lightning strike nearby my body's line of sight.

"Listen, we'll die if we don't work together," I said.

The demon seemed slightly annoyed but reluctantly given me some control back and instantly, I wasn't seeing tunnel vision.

Ok, I've granted you my powers just this once. Don't blow it. The Kaīta said in my mind.

That's when I spotted him. The lightning wielding foe that Galaxy said raided this kingdom back at the fallen wall.

"HEROBRINE!!!" I yelled in a demonic screech as I flew at comet speed towards the dreadful figure.

This must've caught Herobrine off guard as he didn't dodge in time and a landed a powerful hit on him, causing a massive explosion into the ground.

"YOU WILL DIE HERE!!!" I yelled as I flew into several walls while grasping his neck, bashing him into every single wall before exploding right into the ground again.

I had him where I wanted him, and I started materializing a fireball in my hand.

"ANY LAST WORDS?!" I boomed.

Herobrine coughed and weakly said, "Why... would you kill... your own... Father?"

Right then and there, my world came crashing down around me and I felt like I sank to the bottom of the sea of despair.

"Fath...er?" I said while being astonished by the remark.

Herobrine laughed and it appeared as though all visible weakness on him vanished instantly and he struck me with a lightning bolt, and the force dragged me several metres from the point of impact.

"LEMUR!" I heard Galaxy scream from a distance not far from where I was.

At this point, my demonic body had already faded into my regular human self and Herobrine launched himself upwards.

"Yes, Lemur," Herobrine said, "You are my son."

Herobrine then flew away at record-breaking speeds as a beam of light shot from Galaxy's scepter.

"Lemur, are you alright?" Galaxy said thoughtfully as she checked my vital signs.

Despite being struck by lightning, and my muscles aching from the shock, I felt alright. I sat up and said sadly, "I'm sorry... for everything."

I broke down before Galaxy, before she said, "I don't know what happened, but it wasn't your fault."

"Yes it was," I admitted, "It was me."

Galaxy couldn't ignore the fact that it was indeed my body that caused a lot of the fire damage, so she tried to relieve me with another fact.

"Well, you were taking down Herobrine pretty well," she said, "You almost had him, what happened?"

Then Herobrine's words echoed through my head as Derek, Thorn, Dr. Osbourne Junior and what appeared to be Harris the miner approached Galaxy and I.

"We have successfully evacuated the citizens princess," Junior said.

"Thank you guys," Galaxy said, "See Lemur? No one got hurt."

"Well there were multiple-" Thorn started.

"Shut up," Derek said.

"It's alright," I said, " Or rather, it's not alright. I know. I've killed many here today... And I'm not sure even why."

Then I remembered Galaxy's previous question and replied, "Herobrine said something to me... I need to see my fath- I mean, Steve immediately."

We all left the ruins of the kingdom to return to the village I grew up in. Upon going there, we also found the Merchant Village in ruins much like Lapis Kingdom was, but with no apparent survivors.

"Oh no," I said, "Herobrine was here too... does that mean-"

"Yin and Yang are spirits," Galaxy interrupted, "They can't be dead, so they're alive... somewhere."

We continued walking through the ruins of the village and we finally arrived to my village where we were soon greeted by Steve and Nautilius.

"Lemur! You're home!" Steve exclaimed, and then noticed Galaxy, which resulted in him bowing along with Nautilius, "Your majesty, it is an honour."

Galaxy looked annoyed at the formality, but disregarded it as more pressing matters were at hand.

"Steve," I said sadly.

"You mean dad?" Steve said.

"No, Steve..." I continued, "Is... Herobrine..."

Nautilius and Herobrine appeared shocked, and Steve then said sadly, "It's time you learned the truth."

Steve and Nautilius then recounted the tragic event that happened around my date of birth, and how my father was truly Brine, or now known as Herobrine after King Wither planted the curse that started all of this madness. I felt defeated. *Everything that happened, stemmed from me, from my true father. The zombie apocalypse, Herobrine, it all ties back to me. My life is a lie. After all this time, thinking I lived a normal life, and how wrong I was. Wow.*

We then shortly left the village feeling a wide range of emotions. Anywhere from anger to lack of knowing this, to sadness that this all happened.

"So Lemur... is son of Herobrine," Galaxy said gravely.

I felt more down before she turned to me and hugged me out of the blue, crying ever so slightly in my shoulder.

"I don't care Lemur," Galaxy whispered in my ear, "What I wanted to tell you back then... before everything... was that I loved you... and I still do... despite all of this."

I felt relieved and happier that I knew at least one person in the world didn't hate me for any of this.

"Whoa, we got a hugger!" Thorn exclaimed.

Derek nudged Thorn's arm in complete disbelief that he would go and ruin the moment like that, but even after that Galaxy and I laughed. We stopped hugging and laughing before Derek said, "What are we going to do now?"

"I'm going back to the kingdom," Galaxy said.

"What!?" Thorn exclaimed, "Why!? It's obliterated!!!"

"We'll do what has been done before," Harris said, "Build it back up from scratch. I'm going too."

"I'll go too," I said.

Galaxy, who felt upset about admitting this said, "I don't think that's a great idea. We don't want to risk your life at the kingdom due to rumours of... you know."

I realized that possibility. The safe place could not be safe for me, after rumours are spread out about the events held there.

"Ok," I replied sadly, "I understand."

So Galaxy, Harris and Dr. Osbourne Junior, or I guess now just Dr. Osbourne parted ways with the rest of us, and we wandered off towards the East aimlessly, without having a clue where to even go from there.

**Meanwhile...**

"Do you believe me now?" Null said to Curtis from behind a building of Steve's village.

Curtis and Null overheard the entire story of The Dreaded Curse and Curtis said, "I have to admit, your story Null, as farfetched as it sounded despite the facts laid out, was correct."

Null chuckled and agreed.

"I wanted complete assurance that Lemur is what you said he is. And you were correct. After witnessing him transform out of that fire beast and hearing the story recounted by someone as honourable as Steve, without your interference really proved it all."

"Will you do it now," Null proposed.

"Yes," Curtis said, "With this gauntlet, I will kill off Herobrine's bloodline, starting with Lemur, and free the clutches of this world from their wrath."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/17) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/19)

