# Chapter 19: The Fallen Ally
---

## Told by: Lemur

We continued Eastwards with the daunting memories of the fallen we've witnessed at the Lapis Kingdom.

*So many have died,* I thought. *So many innocent lives murdered by my hands. My bloodline's hands. I'm a monster.*

On the path heading to nowhere, we had met up with another wandering group of the kingdom.

It was a group of three, compromised of Fredi, Jake, and Polar.

Fredi was a fellow citizen of the Lapis Kingdom, and was known for his parkour skills and freerunning. He wielded a golden hoe as his signature weapon, but now it appears though he wields both a golden hoe and shovel.

Jake was a counter guerrilla of the Lapis Kingdom, and one of few civilians that wielded a diamond sword. He has a brother named Curtis, who is a guard of the kingdom, and they are known for their efficiency in the battlefield.

Polar is a mysterious individual of the Lapis Kingdom. He's not seen around the kingdom much. Only during nightly strolls every now and then. His signature weapon is a crossbow.

"Hey, we know you guys!" Thorn exclaimed with his usual youthful personality, "You were from Lapis Kingdom! It's great you're still alive!"

Polar chuckled ever so slightly and said, "And that is a compliment I presume?"

Fredi nudged Polar, indicating a little too much hostility, and Fredi said, "Yes, we are originally from Lapis Kingdom before... everything happened."

Fredi reminisced upon the events laid out that day and then asked, "Do you know exactly what happened then? Like, what was that thing? That flaming monster?"

I started to feel uncomfortable and guilty at the remark made by Fredi and we decided to tell him everything that happened, from the events at the kingdom to my tragic past.

"So you're Herobrine's son?" Polar asked with a slightly fearing voice.

At this point, Jake bursted out with laughter and said, "Really!? Stop pulling my leg dude!"

The vast seriousness that Thorn, Derek and I quickly changed Jake's outlook on the story and he believed it afterwards.

"You're kidding me?" Jake said.

I then assured him that everything that was said was true and Jake pondered for a bit, almost as if he were considering what to exactly do with me.

"Ehhh, you're alright," Jake said, "Honestly, even if you are Herobrine's son, and have a vicious power like him, you don't appear to be the evil type. I usually get great readings from people, and when I first met you, I could easily tell that you my friend, have a golden heart."

Jake's words relieved me, and it wasn't before long before Fredi and Polar started to agree with Jake.

"So can you like, summon these powers whenever?" Polar inquired.

That question struck me, and I soon began to realize.

"I don't think so," I said, "I only ever used them in the Lapis Kingdom, and it wasn't like I summoned them. It was more... they just let themselves in upon me."

This put Polar on edge a bit, and Polar replied, "So what you're saying is that your powers aren't fully in your control?"

I nodded my head in saddened approval, which made Polar and Fredi more weary. Jake seemed to be in his own little world that I couldn't at all be dangerous, so these facts didn't disturb him.

"So then," Jake said, "What are you going to do now?"

We were unsure at this point. We only knew of one save haven and that was destroyed by Herobrine and I.

"We're just heading East," Derek said, "We honestly have no idea what we're to do."

Then it struck me.

"Actually," I started, "This just came to me now. I'm sickly annoyed about Herobrine raiding mankind on several occasions. I personally, want to put a stop to it!"

Everyone seemed startled by the idea and they started to throw some interjections.

"Are you serious!?" Thorn exclaimed.

"Dude, he's the Undead Lord!" Polar yelled.

"Not to mention your father!" Jake said.

"Not really," I said, "Listen. I almost had him at the kingdom. I could've put a stop to it all right then and there if I already knew everything. It was his words that stopped me from defeating him. Now that I understand the whole story, I realize now that Herobrine isn't my father."

"Ummm..." Fredi said, "He kind of is."

"No he's not," I interjected, "He was. Brine was my father. He was cursed into being Herobrine, so therefore, Herobrine's mind of anything, isn't even Brine's."

Everyone seemed to understand the situation and agreed that Brine and Herobrine, despite being the same body, could have had different mental states. In fact, they did.

"Well it's about to be night," Jake said, "I think it's best if we stick together and camp out for the night. If we wander during the night, our sleep deprived selves could easily get into trouble."

"I agree," Polar said.

So us six set up camp for the night. Our first step was to collect tinder for a campfire. We split into groups of two to go fetch fire wood, and I went along with Derek.

While collecting fire wood, I spotted a green light. It was a bright green light and it was at that moment that I realized. *There are more survivors.* I dashed from Derek to approach this green light, hollering, "Hey! Who are you!?"

"Lemur!" Derek yelled as he dropped the fire wood and chased after me.

As I approached the figure, it made a sinister toothy grin at me, and I noticed who it was.

"Curtis!?!" I said, "You're alright!"

Curtis lifted up his arm and attached to the right hand was a golden gauntlet with a massive green gem, emitting the green light I saw, and he pointed at me.

"Many people have died by your hand," Curtis said viciously, "DIE! SON OF HEROBRINE!!!"

The green gem shimmered brighter and it was too late before I realized. *The gauntlet is a weapon.*

Out from the gauntlet shot a dreadful, translucent jade dynasty dragon, with it's jaw wide open, ready to devour me whole, when suddenly I was pushed aside by someone.

"DEREK!!!" I yelled.

Derek then got hit with the dragon head on, and the dragon passed through Derek's back, with an orb of light green light, and Derek fell to the ground. The dragon then circled around and returned to the gauntlet.

"Damn it!" Curtis yelled, "I wasn't wanting to kill you, but now that it's happened, I guess I'll have to deal with it."

I knelt down before Derek's body, checking his vitals and from the distance, I could hear the others shouting my name, approaching the scene from the distance. *He's dead,* I thought.

I got up to my feet and I felt the anger swell in me. I was ready to kill Curtis then and there.

"WHY YOU!" I snarled at Curtis, and just as I was approaching him he said, "Thing's are looking ugly, time to go!"

And just like that, Curtis faded away into nothingness.

The other four finally got to me and I couldn't help but to explode out my emotions.

"HE KILLED HIM!" I yelled, "Curtis killed Derek!!! He... He..."

Thorn grabbed ahold of my shoulders amicably and said, "We saw, Lemur, we're so sorry we didn't make it in time."

Polar got up from checking Derek's vitals and agreed. Derek was dead, and nothing could be done to save him.

We dragged his body back to the base camp, lit our campfire, and gave Derek a proper burial. Thorn lit a piece of tinder to use as a torch to light Derek's grave, and signal the Heavens above to accept him into their realm. We placed moonflowers and stuck Derek's sword into the ground as a grave marker, when Thorn suddenly started to speak.

"To a friend. Derek," he started, "To think that we lived in the same village at one point of our lives, which reminds me, I apologize for what my father did to you guys. I wish I could've taken all the pain and punishment father gave to you and your family... your friends... and transfer it to myself. I wish I could've done something about it, but I was too self absorbed to see what was really going on. It's crazy, you know, that after all that, we still became good friends. Great friends even. Derek, I truly hope that you find your friends and family in the afterlife. I hope you find happiness. I hope you..."

Thorn then fell to his knees and started to cry. We were about to go to his side, when he said, "No. Please no, I don't need sympathy right now."

We backed off and let him finish.

"I hope... I hope you rest in peace. You no longer need to fight anymore warrior. You can finally rest."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/18) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/20)

