# Chapter 2 : Derek
---

## Told by: Lemur Kolachnik

Be careful Lemur, Steve repeated, The Surge is still out there and is still happening! I didnt know exactly when he would stop, but I was glad when he did. The Surge was an abnormal phenomenon that caused the effected world to be hit with the Undead. I was told by Steve that many had died and whenever I asked him when it started, he ignored the question. Steve finally stopped telling me the dangers of the outside world and I packed my stuff in a backpack.

I was given a lot of gifts as I was leaving too. This young girl named Tessa gave me a book to read, and her friends Joe and Lewis gave me brand new sunglasses and a new t-shirt. I personally think that her friends are imaginary, because no one ever saw them, and seeing is believing, right? Well, I accepted the gifts and I left onto the beaten path to my future.

The world outside of my town wasnt much different. There was still tall trees, the soft green grass, and the blue water, so what was there to be afraid of? Then I heard a scream. A scream that ripped through the trees and bushes and echoed in my ears. I ran towards the noise rather than away from it. I was told by Nautilius that, All life is precious, so if their is someone in danger, you should be valiant and save them!

So I finally reached a hut, when a person ran out the door, breaking a sweat and cowered in fear behind me. Pl-please, help me. said the person. The person had a brown robe, with an old shirt and pants. The person also looked dirty... very dirty. Finally, I stopped thinking and spoke. What is it?
The person looked at me as if I had three heads. That mustve meant that the question I asked was a stupid one. Where were you? Its a z-zombie! said the person.

I had to agree, where was I? I know where I was physically, but mentally? Maybe Im not ready for the outside world, but I couldnt just deny helping this guy. Where is the zombie? I asked. The person peeked out from behind me and raised a finger over my shoulder, pointing to a shady spot under a large oak tree.

Surely enough, there was a dark-coloured zombie with its clothes soaked in sweat. I was told of these zombies. These were known as Husks. They were named that because they lived in the desert. The desert was always dry as a husk, with the occasional oasis here and there. I believed they called the Husk that because of its origin... but there was no desert nearby, so why was this one here? Oh well, who cared? So I decided to take on this feat and kill this zombie. I slowly stepped towards the zombie and as I got closer, I noticed the dang thing had a sword! Of course, just made my life so much easier!

The zombie turned its head and peered at me, and it almost appeared to be salivating, although it was so dry and, well, dead, it couldnt, so its mouth was just moving. It then came closer... and closer... and closer. I also drew closer, and as I got closer, I started to hear the bloodthirsty snarls and moans emanating from its chomping mouth. I took action! I attempted to strike its decayed head, but the sword managed to get in the way and I hit it with such a force that my stick fell out of my hands. That dang sword! I thought to myself.

I knew that I was screwed, because you cant kill a zombie with your bare hands without getting bitten in the process. So I started backing up and I tripped up in my own stick! Such a rookie mistake! Now, the zombie got closer when all of a sudden... SHING!

The zombie fell to the ground with a slice from the chest up to its head. Behind the zombie, stood another person. This person appeared like the distressed one... a villager... but one thing that caught my eye was the iron sword he wielded. The same one that just sliced this zombie as if it was butter. He then reached out for my hand and I grabbed it. He was helping me up. I was so confused, but I guess thats what this world is full of, confusion.

He seemed to be a man of few words, but the one phrase he did say to me was, Greetings, my name is Derek.


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/1) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/3)
