# Chapter 20: The Fallen Kingdom
---

## Told by Nico, A Resident of Lapis Kingdom

It has been roughly two days since the princess evacuated her kingdom due to Herobrine's onslaught and the mysterious new enemy... a flaming, otherworldly demon.

I had escaped through the northernly side of the kingdom with three others.

"Why don't we introduce ourselves," I suggested as we wandered, "Since Lapis Kingdom is so large, I'd presume that we wouldn't know each other that well. My name is Nico. I'm seventeen years old. My original home stood towards the northeast epicentre of the kingdom. I'm an odd job worker of the kingdom, and I get home everyday by 20:30 at the latest. I'm usually asleep by 23:00, unless I go on a nightly stroll to clear my mind of a hard day's work. I try to get at least eight hours of sleep every night. Before going to bed, I would drink a glass of warm milk and about twenty minutes of stretches so I awaken in the morn refreshed, without any fatigue or stress. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up with the Osbournes."

The other three looked at me and started laughing hysterically.

"Damn Nico!" The blonde lady of the group started, "Did you just outline your entire daily schedule!?"

"Why yes," I replied, "I felt it was important to say every detail of me to comfort you three to know I'm harmless. You never know in a kingdom as large as that. And thus, who are you three?"

The blonde lady stopped laughing and said, "Well, my introduction isn't going to be that on point, but I am Scarlet. I am sixteen years old and I was one of the princess' assassins when the kingdom stood still. I lived in the south epicentre of the kingdom."

*An assassin,* I thought, *How interesting.*

Next to speak was a brown haired lady, with a black sweater, magenta t-shirt, a bow and quiver, and blue shorts. Her shoes matched her t-shirt and her eyes which were magenta as well.

"I am Jayden, though many just call me Jay. I am fifteen years old, and basically an odd job worker as well. In my past time, I like to read books from the Lapis Library, specifically about the many different animals and creatures in this world we live in. I lived in the northwest epicentre."

Finally, the black haired lady, with a fiery looking part of her hair, a black sweater, crimson t-shirt, an obsidian shield, diamond sword and black pants spoke.

"I am Skylar. I am one of the guards of Lapis Kingdom. I am the highest ranked female guard, and I don't take joking around well. I focus on the objective at hand, and strict training schedules to keep myself ready at all times for possible onslaughts. I am eighteen years old, and I lived in the third centre of the kingdom."

Jay and Scarlet looked shocked and I smiled ever so slightly. *She's one of the royal guards,* I thought, *Only those tied deeply within the royal family are as privileged as her to live in the centre of the kingdom. Since she lives in the third centre, it proves to me that she's not as deeply tied as the people who live in the second and first circle, which means that she must be a good friend. Mainly, only relatives of the family live in the first and second centres. Aside from that, she's the strict one of us, no doubt. If anyone were to turn on us, it would definitely be her. This is truly exhilarating.*

"Wow!" Scarlet said, clearly surprised, "Third circle!? That makes you very important!"

"Indeed," Skylar said.

*It appears as though all interest has been pointed to Skylar, I thought, These two are most likely going to listen to her command more than anyone else's just because of her former position in the kingdom.*

My train of thought was suddenly disrupted when Scarlet exclaimed, "Guys! What is that!?"

Ahead of us appeared to be a massive landmark of stone. In fact, it looked like a kingdom. The moans and groans coming from it told me that this kingdom had succumbed to the zombies, which led me to believe the entire kingdom has fallen.

"Get behind me!" Skylar ordered.

I, along with Scarlet and Jay followed her command.

*These two, Scarlet and Jay, are indeed following her command because of her title. I, on the other hand, am following her command as this would be a bad situation to deviate from the norm of this group.* Then my thought changed as Skylar bashed in an approaching zombie's head with her shield. *The books of the kingdom never spoke of other kingdoms, I thought, Could that be because other kingdoms were never discovered or known... or maybe if they were, the discoverers were executed or imprisoned... Or... perhaps... It was kept a secret from all the civilians that more humans are thriving out here. A secret kept to prevent the lack of growth of the Lapis Kingdom... no... to prevent fear from outbreaking the kingdom that more enemies like Herobrine could exist out here.*

*The only plausible case I can muster is that they were never discovered. I hate to break it, but none of the royal family could devise such a conspiracy.*

I peered at the zombified kingdom over Skylar's shoulder as Skylar said, "Our mission. Clear the kingdom. We can make it our refuge! For the Lapis Kingdom!"

"For the Lapis Kingdom!" Scarlet and Jay screamed heroically.

*I have to admit,* I thought, *Skylar is definitely one who can bring out infinite amounts of courage from people.* I smiled at the kingdom ahead. *A kingdom of stone. A kingdom of zombies. This is truly exhilarating.*




[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/19) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/21)

