# Chapter 21: Overthrown
---

## Told by: Nico

We charged towards the fallen kingdom of death, ready to fight. Jay and Scarlet kept their distance from the zombies as Skylar instructed, since they were both long ranged fighters and that they wielded bows as their weapon. It seemed obvious to me that Scarlet had more experience than Jay, as Scarlet never missed a kill shot on any of the walking corpses, while as Jay missed a few times.

*Jay is skilled,* I thought, *but Scarlet is definitely a master of the bow.*

Skylar and I were the frontline defense of the group, since we both wielded melee weapons. Skylar was our main frontal defense as she had a shield as a bonus, while I just had my trusty hook swords. *Despite me being a dual wielder, it seems that doesn't concern Skylar in terms of who's the stronger civilian.*

"Nico! Get to my left!" Skylar ordered.

I reluctantly followed the order and started slaying more zombies on the left.

*This method of siege won't work,* I thought, *our group has the slightest disproportion of strength, and it appears Skylar and I are helping the stronger shooter rather than the weaker one. This method is destined to save only 75% of us, not all of us. Jay will die if this keeps up.*

I looked up at the fierce Skylar and sighed. *Not another soul will die. Not on my watch.*

I heard Jay getting more and more overwhelmed with the countless zombies pouring out of the base. It wasn't before long before she was firing in panic mode. That's when I disobeyed Skylar and started to aid Jay, by killing the zombies closest to her.

"What are you doing!?!?" Skylar said angrily, "Get back here Nico!!!"

"No," I said.

The other two seem greatly shocked that I deviated from a high ranked guard's order, and I continued.

"We're all surviving this together. I propose we spread our strength out equally and thus why I'm aiding Jay."

"You idiot! Get back down here!" Skylar yelled, "That's an order!"

*She's not going to listen to me,* I thought, *she'll get devoured not only by the corpses, but by pure arrogance and selfishness.*

I got to Jay and told her to come closer to the frontlines in order to stay safe and still follow Skylar's orders.

"What are you doing Nico!?" Skylar yelled, "Don't break the formation!"

We finally set foot onto the entrance of the kingdom. I pulled out my pocket watch and sighed. *It took us two hours just to deal with the zombies out front. I could just imagine what it's like inside.*

Suddenly Scarlet screamed. I turned and saw multiple zombies approaching her, and Skylar immediately got to her side and helped massacre the zombies there. I could tell by her face that she was exhausted. Then that's when I noticed it. More zombies started pouring out from the kingdom's ruined walls and the forests and it wasn't before long that we were surrounded by all sides, with about five metres of space on all sides.

The heavily breathing Skylar looked completely astonished and she said between breaths, "I'll... take the... closer... ones..."

"No," I said.

"Nico, don't... start..." Skylar replied.

"Listen, you are exhausted, and your plan is destined to fail. We'll all die here if you continue this arrogant leading and not have the rest of us give some input."

"But-"

"This isn't Lapis Kingdom," I said, "I don't have to listen to your commands. We're equals here in the outside world."

Skylar swung her sword at a nearby zombie, and feeling nearly defeated, she said, "Fine... shoot. What's the... idea?"

I grinned a toothy grin and thought, *This is exhilarating.*

"Alright, Skylar, I propose you near the centre of the group. You're exhausted and you are a valuable asset to the team, like the rest of us. So for the sake of your safety, we must protect you so you can regain your strength and stamina. Jay, Scarlet, You will protect Skylar at all costs. Scarlet, while protecting Skylar, I'm sure with your years of experience, you can aid Jay through some mentoring. I'll take the close-ranged zombies."

"Are...you serious!?" Skylar exclaimed, "That's..."

Suddenly Skylar collapsed right before our eyes out of complete fatigue, which caused the others to become distressed.

"Skylar!" Jay yelled.

"She's going to be alright," I said, "She pushed herself too hard and her body is reacting to it. She's in no condition to fight. We have to execute this plan now! Any objections?"

Scarlet and Jay realized the situation they were put in, and that Skylar couldn't give any further instructions in the state she's in, so they agreed to follow with my plan. By now, however, the zombies closed in a great amount of distance, which started to appear overwhelming.

"We should've listened to you from the start," Scarlet said.

"No," I interjected, "You should listen to yourselves. If you think, no... if you know something isn't going to work out, you must not follow it. Assuming from both of your expertise, you should know some basics of survival."

They both agreed, and Jay said, "I hate to break it to you, but I don't think your plan is going to succeed now. There are too many zombies closing in. How are you going to kill them all before any of us are injured?"

I looked around and estimated the zombies were about two metres away from us on all sides. I pulled out my pocket watch and looked at it.

"Now is not the time to look at the time!" Scarlet said.

"Scarlet, Jay, please. Just have faith in the plan. I know how hypocritical it seems but having faith in a plan is just as important as having a working plan," I said, "I've worked out all the kinks."

"How!?" Jay said.

I clutched my pocket watch and pressed the stem down on it and the pocket watch reacted with a whirring sound and it wasn't before long that everything and everyone around me slowed to a stop. Suddenly a fourth hand glowing in a cyan colour appeared, starting at the twelve, and ticked to one second.

I grinned and said, "I'm glad this still works."

I looked around me quickly to double check and looked back at my watch; the cyan hand was ticked to three seconds.

"I have 57 seconds of frozen time left to fix this," I said, then I looked at the three, "I apologize for keeping this a secret, but no one must know I have this power... the fifth of Kronos' soul gem that stops time."

I eyed the cyan glowing gem embedded to the back of my watch, then looked at my time again.

*50 seconds left,* I thought.

I put my pocket watch back into my pocket, and got to work, slaying as many frozen zombies as I can in the amount of frozen time remaining. After claiming about a metre more space on all ends, I pulled out my watch again.

*Ten seconds left.*

I rushed to my original spot and thought, *Was I standing like this? Wait no, it was like this.*

I had spent a great amount of time mastering this ability, and memorizing in the split second before stopping time what my exact pose was.

I stood there watching my watch as I was before, and counted down the final seconds in my mind. *Three... Two... One... Time resumes.* The world around me slowly got back into it's regular time flow and Scarlet and Jay's reaction to the several zombies fall to the ground was priceless.

*In their time, they would've only seen the zombies alive and the zombies die. They couldn't see any part of me killing them.*

"How!?" Scarlet said now.

I shrugged my shoulders and joked, "You guys couldn't see me kill them? Wow, how observant."

I laughed and continued, "Now! Let's claim this kingdom!"

Another two hours elapsed before we finally claimed the entire kingdom, and cleared it without any further problems. We had Skylar put into a barricaded, cleared room to rest while we finished off the kingdom. Finally we got to the throne room, which was barricaded on the outside and the inside. Inside, we could hear the slightest moans of one single zombie.

"It must be the Queen," Scarlet said, dismayed, "Their people must've barricaded her inside to protect her from the outbreak and she must've done the same on the inside. It's a shame though... she too has turned."

"What do we do?" Jay asked.

"We have no choice," I said, "We have to kill her. We can't risk anything."

We removed the various objects that barricaded the room and used all of our strength to open the doors, and what we found was surprising.

Inside the room, was what appeared to be a male undead, with a crown and robed in royal clothing.

"This place..."I said, "Wasn't ruled by a Queen like our kingdom... It was ruled by a King. This is truly exhilarating."

Jay, on her first try, successfully shot the zombified king in the face, killing it in a single blow, which proved to me that she definitely learned lots.

"I thought that King's couldn't take the throne to rule, but only the Queens," Scarlet said curiously.

"That's how it's been for the Lapis Kingdom," I said, "Queens always ruled over Kings simply because Kings can't carry young. This kingdom is different from our own. It was ruled by a King."

I removed the crown from the zombie and cleaned it up with a handkerchief.

"So..." Scarlet started, "Will we follow this kingdom's tradition? And have a King?"

"I'd rather not," I said, "I'm the only male here, which would directly appoint me as King. I don't do royalty governing."

"So it'll be a Queen?" Jay asked.

"Indeed," I said, "Let's see Skylar."

We went to the room we left Skylar in and she was waking up.

"Ughh... What happened?" Skylar asked.

"Your body gave up," I said, "You were rendered unconscious from fatigue."

"And we did it?"

"Yes Skylar, we did. The kingdom is cleared. Now the question is, who'll rule it?"

I held out the crown and continued, "Skylar, I think you should rule."

Skylar seemed starstruck, but quickly replied, "No. I don't deserve to be Queen. My irrational decisions almost got us killed and that isn't a good thing for royalty to do. One of you guys should take the crown. You liberated this place. You deserve it."

"Well..." Jay said, "Nico doesn't want to be royalty, Skylar feels undeserving of it, and I'm far too young to-"

"I'll do it," Scarlet interjected, "I'll rule. It seems that is the only option left right?"

We all agreed and gathered into the royal hall (We helped Skylar get into the hall as she was still unable to walk great distances at the given time).

I placed the crown over Scarlet's head and said, "I declare, by the Aether and Heavens above, that Scarlet shall be Queen of this kingdom and her descendants, the royal bloodline."

We all cheered for our new Queen Scarlet, and Jay asked, "What will this kingdom be called?"

We all didn't have much of a clue what to call it and Jay continued, "Because I thought it would be a great idea to call it Stone Kingdom. You know, since everything here is made of rock. If that's alright by the Queen of course."

Scarlet laughed, raised her bow and said, "I love it. From here on out! This kingdom is Stone Kingdom!!!"



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/20) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/22)

