# Chapter 22: Běn Dé Village
---

## Told by: Lemur

It was morning, and it was apparent that all of us didn't get much sleep last night, even though we were rotating the lookout shifts. That night, I couldn't stop the recurring nightmare of Derek's death playing in my head like a broken record. There was only one occasion when I didn't dream of it, and it was more of a subconscious occurrence, as I woke up inside my mind to an annoyed Kaīta.

"Does your mind have an off switch!?" Kaīta exclaimed to my conscience, "I can't sleep with this damn show replaying over and over!"

I was confused what he meant by show, but then I realized he must be talking about my dream.

"I apologize," I said, "It's just... Derek's..."

"Dead!" Kaīta exclaimed, "He's dead, and you can't do anything about that! So leave it at that! No matter what plots you scheme, nothing can bring him back."

That's when Thorn woke me up. We stomped out the fire and got ready to continue exploring the East.

"So..." Thorn started, "Is it alright to talk about what exactly happened last night? Sure I saw most of what happened but I'm not quite understanding it."

"Thorn," Fredi replied.

"It's alright," I said, "Derek's dead... nothing can bring him back..."

"Lemur," Thorn said sympathetically.

"Well," Polar said, "What Curtis used was a gem. One could say it was a soul gem, but it was more so... a gem for souls."

"What?" Thorn asked.

"The gem. It doesn't possess a soul like all soul gems do. It absorbs souls."

"But what's a soul gem?"

"Thorn, are you kidding me? A soul gem is like the heart of a God or Goddess. Once one has died from something demonic, their soul becomes a gemstone called a soul gem. Gods and Goddesses can be revived from soul gems, however, anyone with one can also use the God's or Goddess' powers that also gets fused into the gem. The princess is the only person I'm aware of that has one."

"Galaxy?" I said, suddenly intrigued.

"Indeed," Polar replied, "Of course, since you're an outsider, you wouldn't know exactly why, would you?"

I shook my head, indicating a no and Polar sighed.

"When the princess was born, it was known that her soul was too weak to live on its own," Polar started, "She was dying quickly, so the King and Queen brought their daughter to the Aether. In the Aether stood two Gods. Aether, and Apollo. Due to the tight affiliations that the Galaxy bloodline had with the Aether, they saved her life. What the Gods did was give them a scepter. Inside the scepter, they had put in Achelois the moon Goddess' inside it."

"What does that exactly mean?" Thorn asked.

"It means the princess' soul is fused with a Goddess' soul!" Polar exclaimed.

I was shocked by the story. *Galaxy has a soul of a Goddess? More so, she possesses a soul gem?*

Suddenly, we bumped into Jake, who stopped walking suddenly.

"What's going on Jake?" I asked.

Jake simply rose his arm and pointed to a distant horizon. "Do you see it?"

We looked where Jake was pointing and we indeed saw it. Some great distance away, stood what appeared to be a village, much like how Merchant Village was like. Excitedly, we ran towards what appeared to be human civilization, when suddenly a fire ball launched out of nowhere at us.

"Intruders!" yelled someone.

"What, no," Jake exclaimed, "You got the wrong idea!"

Suddenly the ground ripped open and a person shot out from the hole, and it wasn't before long that we sank into the ground, which startled us.

*This isn't quicksand,* I thought, *this is solid rock. How did we sink? More importantly, how did someone just come from it?*

Three more people emerged from the village in robes and they all surrounded us.

"State your business here!" said the first voice we heard.

"Listen, we were just passing by," Polar said.

"I said, state your business!"

The man suddenly whipped out his arm and pointed it at Polar's head, and from his fingertips burned flames, just suspended in midair.

"What's all the commotion about!?" said an all too familiar voice.

Behind the four people approached two very familiar people. One as dark as night, and one as light as a cloud.

"Master Yin, these five are intruders!" said the man, "What shall we do with them!?"

The other figures looked surprised at our presence.

"Lemur!? Thorn!?" Yin exclaimed.

Indeed it was who I thought it was. It was Yin and Yang from Merchant Village! They were still alive!

"Leo! Free them at once!" Yang ordered.

"You know them!?" the man said.

Leo, the one who emerged from the ground, sighed and stomped on the ground, somehow propelling us into the sky and just like that, we were no longer trapped in the ground.

"We do," Yin said, "Or at least, we know these two... however, the other three..."

"They're with us," Thorn said.

"Silence! You have no rights to speak to our masters!" said the man.

"Grant, it's alright. Lower your arm. We trust them." Yin said.

Grant, the one with fire, lowered his arm and obeyed Yin's order.

"Damn Lemur and Thorn! It's been a while!" Yin exclaimed, "But weren't there three of you and the princess?"

I immediately got hit with a wave of depression and Thorn said, "Derek... is no longer with us..."

Yin and Yang were shocked. They must've not expected for such circumstances to happen.

"Oh, I am so sorry," Yin said.

"It's fine," I said bluntly.

"Well," Yang said, "Since you guys arrived, it's appropriate to say, welcome to Běn Dé Village!"

"Běn Dé Village?" Thorn asked.

"It translates to Bender Village," I replied, "though I'm not sure why."

"Alright guys," Yin said, "No need to worry! These five are harmless. Proceed to what you were doing earlier!"

The residents of the village left just as quickly as they came and Yin put me in a headlock.

"What are you guys doing here!? I thought you were heading to Lapis Kingdom!" Yin said.

"Lapis Kingdom is destroyed," Polar said.

"Destroyed?" Yin said, astonished.

We explained the events that happened at Lapis Kingdom as we strolled through the mysterious village.

"And now you know the truth," Yin said.

"What?" I said, "You say that like you already knew."

"That's because we did." Yang said, "We were there the day you were born."

I was surprised and felt a bit betrayed that such important secrets had been kept hidden even by these guys.

"So..." Thorn started, "Why is this place called Bender Village?"

"I'm glad you asked," Yang said, "Běn Dé Village houses many of the world's benders in harmony."

"Benders?" Fredi asked.

"Benders are special people," Yin explained, "They have the ability to control certain elements of the world. There are fire, earth, water and airbenders."

We were led to a few vacant houses and Yang said, "Will you guys be staying? If so, then these houses are now your homes."

"We will be," Polar said, "Thanks."

**Later that night...**

"Lemur has changed drastically," Yin said in the Master's House, "With all the death, the hidden truths, and his powers, I can tell it's tearing him apart."

"Indeed," Yang said, "But I have an idea that could fix that."

"Really?"

"Yes. To keep his mind off of it... We can teach him, no, them all... the ways of our people."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/21) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/23)

