# Chapter 24: Firebending
---

## Told by: Lemur

We had finished our session with waterbending. It appeared as though Polar had successfully learned waterbending after saving me from... *my half sister.* We had gone to our houses for the night, and I couldn't help but to continuously ponder over the story laid in front of me by Yang.

*Sylvia... Kolachnik.* I thought. *I have a half sibling... even more so, a half sibling with the same curse that I have.*

I had spoken with Yang a while longer after he unveiled the truth behind Sylvia. He told me the curse causes her to turn into a demonic spectre called a Slepkava. Slepkavas have explosive abilities such as fireballs, and the ability to turn anything into an explosive.

*I wonder... are there others?* I thought. *Do I have other half siblings or relatives that I don't know about?*

I woke up for the new day along with the rest of us and arrived back at the cleared area. Standing there as our mentor, was Grant. Grant stood there, twiddling three miniscule fireballs around his fingers.

"So, you've come to learn firebending," Grant said, "Very well, behold the power of fire!"

Grant then launched the three fireballs into the ground, creating three blazing beams of fire. Grant then did some aggressive movements and the fire contorted into a dragon. It was a magnificent display. Grant then deteriorated the flames and started to formally teach us.

"Fire is the element of power," Grant explained, "Firebenders draw their powers from the Sun. It is the most unique of the four main elements of bending as it is the only one of which that the user can generate the element. Firebending is known for its intense and aggressive motions and attack style along with its lack of defensive maneuvers. The first firebenders derived their firebending skills and techniques from the dragons. Now, you shall learn the ways of the firebenders."

So then we started the vigorous and intense stances and moves of the firebenders. Suddenly, Grant walked by me and mumbled to me, "Master Yin told me a lot about you."

"What?" I whispered as I continued the motions.

"He told me about your relation with Sylvia, with Herobrine, and that you possess a Kaīta. All these facts are frightening to know, but you truly interest me Lemur. I have a feeling that you'll catch onto this rather quickly."

I did another punching motion and I noticed a few microscopic sparks at the end of my fist, and when I did another punching motion, an enormous fireball fired from my fist, and Grant laughed.

"Told you you'll catch on quickly," Grant whispered to me.

"Damn Lemur! That was epic!" Thorn yelled from across the training grounds.

"Thanks!" I exclaimed back.

Then Grant pulled be aside and said, "Follow me."

I left the group to follow Grant upwards to what appeared to be a higher training ground.

"Listen Lemur," Grant said, "Don't take this as insulting to the rest of them, but you are the only one who has potential in terms of firebending. You have a demon, the Kaīta, the demon of fire. That relation, it destined you to become a firebender. I brought you here for a reason... From what I can tell, you want to defeat Herobrine, right?

I agreed and Grant continued.

"Thus why I'm going to teach you more advanced moves of the firebenders. Knowing you so far, you'll learn quickly."

Grant started to teach me the more advanced moves of firebending such as the fire wall, flaming fists, and the legendary dragon breath. Then Grant said something I wasn't expecting... considering the dangers that fire holds.

"Well done Lemur! I'm impressed. Now your final test. You will spar me."

"Spar!?" I exclaimed, "Are you crazy?"

"Perhaps," Grant replied, "But I want to test you on the battlefield. I want to see how you utilize your new found abilities strategically in the art of war. Thus why you'll spar with me. Don't go easy either. Use everything you got... Even the Kaīta."

*Grant's crazy,* I thought. *Does he truly know what Kaīta did?!*

Suddenly a fireball launched towards me and instinctively, I disintegrated it with a single punch.

*Don't question his sanity,* Kaīta had said internally, *This is going to be amusing.*

"Come on Lemur!" Grant exclaimed.

I grinned slightly and fired a wave of fire from my feet, hinting that I was going to do this.

**Meanwhile...**

"What are they doing up there?" Thorn asked, "They've been up there for almost half an hour, and all I see are flashes of light."

"I think it's pretty obvious," Polar said, "Grant is preparing him for the fight."

"The fight?"

"The fight against Herobrine."

Suddenly, a bright flash of light appeared all too familiar to the four back at the lower training ground.

"Oh no!" Thorn exclaimed, "Was that!?"

The four rushed up to the training ground and to their disbelief, it was what they thought it was.

"Lemur! Snap out of it!" Thorn yelled.

I had become the Kaīta form that the four feared greatly since the Lapis Kingdom incident. I looked up and said in a demonic voice, "Guys it's ok."

The four appeared shocked and I transformed back into my regular self.

"Congratulations Lemur!" Grant exclaimed, "Not only did you beat me in a spar... but it appears you have gained control of your demon."

"Gained... control?" Jake asked.

I nodded my head in approval.

"It's a weird thing," I said, "But Grant explained how the demon could be seen as a raging fire, and how even a raging fire can be tamed. It helped greatly."

I then changed only my arm into the Kaīta form to prove the amount of control I possessed of the demon that resided in me, and this amazed the others.

"Wow Lemur, that's magnificent," Polar said.

"So does that mean you have full control?" Jake asked.

"Yes, I believe so."

Even though I said yes, I knew that wouldn't be true. The Kaīta still has a mind of its own and could take over as it pleases. I've only gained the ability to utilize the power of the Kaīta, but it and I. We're still two separate individuals. I lied to them to allow them to not worry about their safety... but now I wonder. Was this the right move? Did I do the right thing?



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/23) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/25)

