# Chapter 25: Earthbending
---

## Told by: Lemur

It was the next day and we once more did the daily routine since we arrived in the village. We arrived at the training grounds and Leo stood before us.

"Greetings travelers. I am Leo and I'm here to mentor you on earthbending. Be sure you pay close attention."

Leo then stomped onto the ground and shot an enormous boulder into the air and held it with a single hand.

"Earth is the element of substance. Earthbenders in general are diverse, but should also possess great strength and endurance. The key to earthbending is utilizing neutral jing, which involves waiting and listening for the right moment to strike and, when that moment comes, acting decisively. Earthbenders generally endure enemy attacks until the right opportunity to counterattack reveals itself. Legend has it that the first earthbenders learned this art from badgermoles."

"Badgermoles?" Thorn asked.

"Badgermoles were once living at one point but no one has seen one since a long time ago. However, the badgermoles were enormous, blind subterranean creatures that resemble a cross between the badgers and moles we see today."

"Ah," Thorn replied, "Continue."

Leo smirked and said, "Good."

Leo then punched the enormous boulder into perfectly equal fifths and yelled, "I want you to hold a piece of this boulder over your head!"

Us, almost being crushed by it's sheer mass and weight, managed to catch and hold the boulder fragments over our heads.

"This is crazy," Polar said, "These boulders weigh a ton!"

Leo laughed a mighty laugh and exclaimed, "The boulder I held then with one arm was roughly 1960 kilograms! You are only holding rocks weighing 392 kilograms!"

All of us dropped the rocks we held due to rapid muscle fatigue... well... all except one. Fredi.

"My my," Leo said, "You're still going?"

Fredi, who spoke between strains of breathing said, "When it comes to challenges, I'll never give in until I can't continue farther in life."

"Well in that case!" Leo yelled.

Leo then stacked the other four rocks we dropped on top of Fredi's single rock, essentially recreating the boulder that Leo had lifted with ease.

Fredi was clearly straining hard underneath the massive weight on his shoulders and Leo said, "Alright, that's enough!"

Leo then, using earthbending, lifted the rocks easily off of Fredi and pummeled then back into the solid ground.

"You guys have to work on your physical strength!" Leo yelled, "You're all like a bunch of twigs! How do you expect to earthbend with that lack of strength?!"

"Uh Leo..." Grant said as he walked by, "Don't you think you're being a little bit harsh?"

"Hogwash!" Leo exclaimed, "Earthbenders are tough and have to become the rock before they can bend the rock!"

"Ok," Grant said as he shrugged and walked away.

After that, we spent several hours doing physical activities meant to cause muscular failure, and by the time it was night, we were exhausted.

"Now, we're going to work on this throughout this entire week or until I feel you are ready to learn earthbending!"

We all moaned with the annoyance of having to do these insane exercises all day everyday and we didn't even get to learning how to bend earth.

After a week of torture was finally completed, it appeared pretty apparent that we were prepared to earthbend, as Leo did the same boulder experiment again and we were able to lift the so called "rocks" with ease.

"Finally!" Leo said, "Now we can begin the lessons."

We had followed Leo's several stances and motions as he demonstrated and to me, it just felt like we were shattering our bones against the rock beneath our feet. *Obviously he isn't teaching us specious facts,* I thought as I watched Leo easily create boulders and spikes and all sorts of crazy things from the very ground we stood on... *Even hands.*

Then Leo alarmingly said, "Now the final test."

Leo had then done a strange movement and to our surprise, he had encased himself in a stone armor and he said afterwards, "Defeat me."

He suddenly slid with a graceful, yet threatening speed and came at us. Thorn and I attempted to kick up a stone wall but failed miserably, and we were hit into the treeline, by the fierce and powerful swing of Leo's arm. Thorn and I coughed up blood, but Thorn appeared more injured than me, as for some reason, the pain seemed to fade away almost instantaneously. *It's a thing we demons have called rapid regeneration,* Kaīta said in my head, *I decided to grant it to your human body because this training is mad... even for me. Your friend Thorn there probably won't survive much longer unless something is done.*

Thorn grimaced as he tried to stand up again to fight.

"Thorn don't," I said to him, "You'll die from the injuries."

"I... have to... try..." Thorn mumbled and then he fell down again.

"Leo! THIS IS CRAZY!" I yelled.

"No it isn't Lem-" Leo started then stopped suddenly as his body shot sky high by a pillar of rock.

The one who bended it was... Fredi! Fredi launched himself into the air and did what he did best to reach Leo... parkour.

Fredi had made it up to Leo's level and slammed his arm down hard onto Leo's chest, propelling him into the earth below with an explosive force. Fredi had won.

Leo, who was embedded six feet below the earth, earthbended his way up and said, "Great work Fredi, you have defeated me."

The painful moan of Thorn's suddenly grabbed the others attention and we ushered his broken body to Yin and Yang's.

"LEO!" Yang yelled, "HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU!? NO EARTHBENDING SPARS!"

"Sorry Master," Leo said, "I got caught up in the moment and-"

"It helped though," Polar interrupted, "It prepared us for the rough battles ahead, and allowed Fredi to master Earthbending."

Johnson had then entered the house, and Yang said, "Thank the Aether you came! Do you think your waterbending healing tricks can help him?"

Johnson looked and disagreed.

"I don't think so... He has many broken bones, and it would be a miracle if it did."

"Damn it!" Yang said.

***Lemur,*** Kaīta said in my mind, ***Your blood.***

*What?* I thought to Kaīta.

***Your blood has regenerative properties.***

*But my blood also burns like magma.*

***Only when you're agitated.***

*But what do you even mean my blood?*

I had listened to the Kaīta's devilish plan and proposed to Yang, "My blood."

Yang looked up at me and asked, "What?"

"My blood has regenerative properties. Can't we transfuse some of my blood into Thorn to grant him temporary regeneration?"

"Absolutely not," Yang replied, "Do you even know what you're saying?! You have Kaīta blood! IT WILL BURN!"

Yin had come out from the shadows and said, "Listen to his plan Yang, it's the only one we got."

So after deliberating the plan, it has been decided. I was going to provide blood in a glass urn, keeping any painful feelings at a minimum. Grant would bend out the fire contained within the blood, Yang would then use his light powers to cleanse any demonic traces and, if needed, change the blood I provided to match Thorn's blood type. Finally, Johnson would use this sinister, but vital waterbending technique called bloodbending to transfuse the blood into Thorn.

We had successfully pulled off the plan in the end. Miraculously, Thorn and I had shared the same blood type, and the regenerative properties still remained after Yang purified it, as observed when we tested it on one of Thorn's minor wounds. It appeared that it worked much slower than it had on myself, but surely enough, it will repair Thorn's broken bones and several other wounds, but it may take a few days. But Thorn will live nonetheless.

Upon leaving, Leo had requested a quick chat with me.

"Firstly, I'd like to apologize for putting your friend in this condition."

I was never good with answering to an apology so I just said, "Alright, thanks."

"Secondly, I'd like to thank you."

"Thank me?"

"Yes. If you weren't here, we wouldn't have been able to save your friend. That curse is really something ain't it?"

"Yes," I said, "I guess it is."

"Today, it was more like a blessing, so once again, thank you."

Leo had then walked away with what appeared to be a great sigh of relief and I thought to myself, *Wow, my curse was a blessing? I always thought this curse was evil... I never would've imagined it to be good.*

I looked at the sunset and smiled. *Maybe a curse, or this curse at least, isn't a curse after all. What happened today proved to me... that I... can use this curse... as a blessing for mankind.*



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/24) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/26)

