# Chapter 26: Airbending
---

## Told by: Lemur

Due to Thorn's injuries from the match against Leo, Thorn had to sit out today's lesson. We had once again arrived to the training grounds, where Biyu was waiting for us.

"Hello again," Biyu said, "I'm Biyu and I'm going to teach you airbending. First thing you should know, is that air is the element of freedom. The key to airbending is flexibility and finding, and following, the path of least resistance. Airbending is known for being almost completely defensive as well as the most dynamic of the bending arts. Airbending tends to employ negative jing and prefer evasive maneuvers over direct confrontation. The first airbenders learned their art from the flying bison, which was, as suggested, a bison that can fly. Now, let's begin."

So then we followed the stances and motions of Biyu, and after spending several hours on the lesson, it appeared as though none of us were getting the hang of it. I couldn't help but to feel bad for Thorn, who couldn't even attempt to try this bending art... in fact, for some reason, I felt like he would've gotten the hang of it rather quickly, despite his confrontational personality. All of a sudden, my thoughts and our practicing halted when we heard an explosion followed by a blazing fire towards the southern side of the village.

"Oh no!" Biyu exclaimed, "It's them!"

Biyu then leapt about 10 metres into the air and the orange wrappings she wore around her outfit had become what appeared to be wings, as she rapidly soared through the skies towards the explosion site.

"Who's them!?" I shouted.

"I thought that was an elytra," Polar said to himself, then he put his mind towards the situation at hand, "We have to help!"

We had dashed our way to the site and what we found was all too familiar to me. At the site, were several robots, and the one who started the fire... was the exact same robot that I had seen in the Lapis Mines.

*THEY'RE HERE?* I thought to myself.

"I'll put out the fire!" Polar had said as he bended water out of the nearby pond and doused the burning house. Biyu had then, off in the distance, created a whirlwind of air, hurling several robots into the sky, and the pressure she created within had crushed the robots entirely.

Grant, Leo and Johnson had then arrived and joined into the fight.

"They're elemental bots!" Johnson explained as he created an ice blade and decapitated the red robot, "Each one controls a different element!"

I observed the robots and realized he was correct. The red robots appear to only use fire, the blue robots used water, the orange robots used air, and the green robots used earth powers. It was interesting. I had joined into the fight, using my firebending skills alongside Grant, taking out robots by frying their wiring when something caught my eye.

I noticed a black coloured robot approaching the village, so I asked Grant, "What does the black robot do?"

Grant looked at me as if I had ten heads. "Black robot? There's no-"

Then he noticed it. He focused his firepower on this apparent new threat, but the robot simply used its dual shields to block it. Eventually, every element was used on it, but no matter what, nothing seemed to work. The robot seemed indestructible... but then I had an idea.

*Kaīta!* I said subconsciously, *I hope you're in the mood for a fight!*

My eyes then snapped to red and Kaīta replied out loud, "A fight you say? Finally things get interesting!"

I had transformed into the Kaīta and both me and the demon worked together as one complete unit. We flew into the robot, propelling it forwards, before dousing it in demonic flames.

It appeared to be working more effectively than just regular firebending, as the entire robot began to turn red and melt. *It's a good thing I remembered the facts from the experiments back at Lapis Kingdom. The fire we're breathing right now... is hotter than magma itself!*

The robot had become a puddle of melted metal by the time we were through with it, and I had transformed back into my human form once the threat had been eliminated. Then we left to see Yin and Yang.

"Master Yin, Master Yang," Grant said, "They've returned."

"Are you serious!?" Yin exclaimed, "And just when we thought we finished them off for good!"

"What's going on exactly!?" Polar said, unamused, "I want answers!"

"Listen," Yang started, "We're going to tell you what's happening... the dark truth about this village."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/25) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/27)

