# Chapter 27: The Robotic Truth
---

## Told by: Yang, The Guardian Spirit of Light

We had known of a sacred village full of these people known as benders for quite some time. So when Herobrine had demolished the Merchant Village, we had a great excuse to find this legendary village and seek refuge in it.

We had spent several days and nights, wandering throughout the East, searching for this village.

"Are we there yet?" Yin asked me several times, and several times I said, "No, we are not there yet."

We were becoming more and more exhausted by the minute. As we continued our journey, that's when we noticed... *a blazing fire.*

We rushed to the site of the fire and found a burning house, crashing and falling apart by the second. I used my ability to detect signs of life and found two. One was very faint, which seemed apparent to me that they were on the verge of dying, but the other was sort of strange. The second life signature I detected was lively, but it was coming from above. The size of the signature was human sized, not bird sized, which meant that somehow, some way, a human was above us.

I looked up and what I saw was shocking. It was a Slepkava, in the Overworld. I knew that Slepkavas were the spectres of Hell, but what was it doing in the Overworld? Suddenly, the first life signature had dissipated, meaning whoever was in the house had died... and then it hit me.

"Yin!" I exclaimed and I pointed to the Slepkava, "That Slepkava up there! Are you getting any readings of it being hellbourne?!"

Yin looked up at the Slepkava and said, "No, I'm not. It isn't otherworldly. But that makes no sense!"

I looked at Yin and he looked back at me and we both knew. *This is someone with the same curse as Lemur.* Even though we didn't know about Lemur's Kaīta side, we knew that the curse was hellish, and was the only thing that could explain why this demonic spectre read as human.

"We need to save them!" I yelled.

"Are you crazy?" Yin said, "That thing can blow up everything!"

"Not everything."

One fact about us spirits that we knew regardless if it was told or not. We were immortal until we became physical. The term "becoming physical" was where the spirit had found its eternal soul mate, and thus is given back some of its humanity... and we both knew that we haven't become physical yet.

Yin then created a dark orb that exploded into a cloud of pitch darkness. Even the inhuman eye have some difficulty seeing through this ability that Yin had possessed, as it reduced visibility for anyone drastically. Luckily though, I knew where the Slepkava was, as I can detect human life, so I went off that radar.

I propelled myself into the air, and transfigured into my phoenix form. The cloud of smoke was indeed dark, but I managed to find and cling onto the Slepkava's shoulder.

"LET GO OF ME!" the Slepkava screeched, as it prepared another fire ball.

I then quickly used my light powers and induced the Slepkava into a deep sleep with a light orb. I transformed back into my humanoid form and landed beside Yin, who was busy taming the fire, by absorbing the heat into the dark orb.

The area got noticeably colder, and the fire did die down enough to not worry about anymore. I looked down at the Slepkava in my arms, and it slowly, but surely transformed into its humanoid form. Underneath the demonic spectre was a little girl with white and black clothing and black rimmed glasses.

"Wow," Yin said, "I'll be honest when I say, I was doubting the theory of a human-demonic shifter... but now that she's here, it must be true."

"We have to take her with us," I said, "I suspect the person in that rubble there is her parent. She has nobody now."

Yin agreed, and then suddenly,

"Who are you!?" a person said.

We turned around and we had found one. A bender. The man confronting us was wielding water and had icicle blades aimed at us at point blank range.

"I am Yang, and this is my twin brother Yin," I said.

The man looked stunned and said, "Yin... Yang? The Balancing Forces!?"

We agreed and he suddenly bowed.

"It is an honour to meet you both. What brings you here?"

"We were actually searching for the bender village," Yin said.

"I can help you with that," the man said, "I am Johnson by the way."

So Johnson led us to the infamous village that was only spoken about in legends and we talked about what happened up until he met us.

"Is she safe to bring into the village?" Johnson asked.

I agreed and we had arrived. We were greeted like royalty by several benders of all sorts... and then things changed after a couple days.

Out of the blue, several onslaughts of robots had slaughtered many of the men, women, and children here, using the very bending techniques that the benders used... and we were all that's left.

So many people have died, so many innocent lives wasted by these hunks of metal... and the worst part of all... We don't know anything about them... we don't know where they came from... or who made them.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/26) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/28)

