# Chapter 28: The Maker
---

## Told by: Lemur

After hearing the story that Yang had recounted, I was thunderstruck. This hidden village was thriving, and now everyone that's left is standing in this very room.

"This has to stop immediately!" Thorn exclaimed angrily, "Not another one here shall die on my watch! I'm going to find the creator of these robots and personally slaughter them!"

"Good luck," Yin replied, "We tried doing that. We tried finding them, but no one ever returned. And when we left to search, we couldn't even find them."

Thorn appeared slightly dismayed, as he wanted to save the village from the fate that Merchant Village, and even his own home did.

Suddenly, more ruckus had appeared outside, from nowhere. We all emerged from the house and spotted more of those robots from earlier, but this time, they didn't seem inclined to ruin the village or kill off any people. They seemed more civilized and only destroyed one random house to get our immediate attention.

"Do the robots attack more than once a day?" Polar asked.

"Not really," Yin said, "On rare occasions."

Then, surprisingly, the robots spoke in unison.

"Hello, this is The Maker. I'm not here to engage in further combat. In fact I'm here to negotiate."

"That seems highly unlikely," Fredi replied.

"Shut it!" The robots yelled, "I've come to bargain. I won't send anymore onslaughts to kill off the benders if, and only if you give me the boy. Lemur to be precise."

We were shocked. *How does The Maker know my name? How did they know I was even here?*

"How do you know he's even here?" Yang asked.

"These robots of mine have cameras. Their eyes are my eyes. My guard bots sent a distress signal informing me that they've been defeated. I watched the footage and may I say, I was not expecting Lemur of all people to be demonic."

"We won't give him up!" Grant exclaimed.

"Excuse me?" The robots said.

"That is true," Johnson added, "You'll just have to fight us."

"Are you comple-" The robots started.

Suddenly, an air type robot got flattened by an enormous boulder.

"Alright, no, we're done here," the robots said, "Prepare to die!"

The robots began charging into the village, and the war between the last stand of benders and the robotic evil had commenced.

"Why did you guys do this!?" I asked, "I didn't want you guys to risk your lives!"

"Listen Lemur," Biyu said, "We can handle these bots. We need you and your gang to find where they're originating from. Do that for us please?"

Biyu hugged me tightly before running into the combat zone.

"Go!" Yin yelled to my friends and I.

We agreed and charged past the chaos. We indeed saw more bots marching from a point of origin. Amongst them bots were the guard bots. I had then transformed into the Kaīta, and melted the bots to puddles.

The light show that came amongst my transformation seemed to have informed The Maker of our plan, as the bots from the village had began to change their course to where we were. The ones approaching the village started to spread out more, so then we couldn't find where their origin point was. *But it was too late,* I thought, *We had spotted them emerging from that singular mountain.*

We fought our way through the robots using our bending skills, and our pure strength and we eventually made it to the mountain, and the robots ceased their attacks, and just stood. Watching.

"Well this is kind of... ominous," Thorn said.

"Well, well, well," said a voice from inside the cave of the mountain, "Congratulations on making it this far. I have to say, you people have got me quite surprised."

We heard footsteps approaching us from inside the cave, so we got into an offensive stance.

"Now, now," continued the voice from the cave, "No need to get antsy, I want to see your faces before you die."

Finally, the figure emerged from the cave, and Thorn and I were shocked by who we saw.

"What? You look like you've seen a ghost," the figure from the cave said, then smiled grimly.

"Ryan!?" Thorn exclaimed, "That doesn't make sense! YOU DIED!!! WE KILLED YOU!"

"You know this guy?" Fredi asked.

I nodded in approval and Ryan chuckled.

"It was a minor acting gig. I was alive all along. And now, this won't be a fake act. Now you shall die. ROBOTS ATTACK!!!"

I was completely shocked. Out of anyone, the last person I expected to see making these bots was a dead man. Ryan looked different from his original Titanitro persona.

This time, Ryan had no mask, but had a gear tattoo underneath his defected eye and was decked out in a lighter, dark suit. This suit appeared armourless, however, it was apparent that wasn't the case as there were some holes in the dark suit, and it shown a metal plating underneath. This persona was deemed as The Maker.

And here we were... becoming overcome by several elemental robots... even Kaīta couldn't keep up, and now flying above us, was a laughing Ryan.

"There's just too many of them," I yelled demonically.

I glanced over at Thorn, who was fuming with anger.

Fredi then instinctively shielded us from all ends in a dome made of rock.

"I hate him!" Thorn exclaimed.

"I know," I said, as I became human again.

"It's hopeless," Polar said, "We're done for."

Then a green light came from where Thorn was standing and to our surprise, Thorn's eyes were glowing green.

"I HATE HIM!!!" Thorn exclaimed.

Thorn then swung his axe right through the thick rock, and a sharp gust of wind expelled from his axe and cut multiple robots in two.

"WHAT IS THIS?!" Ryan exclaimed.

"Is Thorn demonic!?" Fredi asked loudly.

I shrugged and replied, "I don't think so!"

The rock dome fell apart, and Thorn had become berserk. Thorn swung those axes and expelled several more razor sharp gusts, cutting more and more robots into several bits.

"RYAN!!!" Thorn yelled, as he swung his axe upwards.

A gust of wind had expelled from his axe, much stronger than the rest, and cut off Ryan's foot, causing Ryan to fall from the sky due to pain and imbalance.

Ryan was clearly in pain, but that didn't phase Thorn, as he pushed Ryan down with his foot.

"Now I can see you are upset," Ryan said, "I take back everything that I said, I surrender! Don't you think you've done enough to me already!?"

Thorn thought for a second and his eyes stopped glowing and he let Ryan sit up.

Ryan exhaled, relieved.

"Thanks brother for spa-"

Thorn then swung his axe at Ryan's neck, beheading him on the spot. Ryan's lifeless body fell backwards and it was apparent that this time... Ryan had been defeated.

A tear slid down from Thorn's face and quietly, Thorn said, "Goodbye... brother."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/27) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/29)

