# Chapter 29: The Mysterious Note
---

*Oh Lemur, I hope you're doing alright,* Galaxy thought as she helped the few people, who stayed or returned to the kingdom, repair the kingdom.

A bunch of progress in it's repair had been made, and the entire territory that the Lapis Kingdom covers has been cleared of the Undead and the dead citizens. Due to the vast amount dead, the few remaining civilians had begun burning the bodies and releasing the ashes in the river, as all the graveyard plots have been filled.

"Thinking about Lemur again?" Harris asked.

Galaxy agreed, and Harris chuckled.

"When are you going to make it official?"

The conversation was suddenly interrupted by a civilian who was also aiding the kingdom's restoration.

"Princess Galaxy!" exclaimed the citizen.

"What is it Fegelein?" Galaxy replied.

"Upon cleaning up at the northern entrance, we found what appears to be a note addressed to you."

Fegelein handed the note to Galaxy.

"Thanks," she replied.

Galaxy then began to read the note. The note read:

*Dear Lillian Galaxy,*

*The kingdom has seen better days hasn't it? Anyhow I want to apologize to you and see you again... in person. Come visit the place marked down on the map, found on the back of this note. Come alone.*

The part of the letter that bared the writer's name appeared to have been charred off, leaving the note's sender anonymous.

"That note sounds like a trap," Harris said.

Galaxy flipped the note over and there indeed was a map on the other side. The place that was marked lied northeast of the kingdom. The map didn't show much detail on the marked place, however, the level of detail on the Lapis Kingdom suggested that the one who drew the map had seen the inside of the kingdom before.

Galaxy shrugged and said, "I can defend myself if it's a trap. The fact is, the amount of detail in the Lapis Kingdom tells me this is a former civilian."

"Or a spy," Harris replied.

"Whether or not, I need to see this through."

Galaxy looked at the writing on the note again and had a sudden epiphany. *I recognize this handwriting,* she thought, *I can't put my finger on who's handwriting is like this... but I know I've seen it before.*

Galaxy looked up from the letter over to the opened front wall, glancing at the horizon. *Who are you?*



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/28) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/30)

