# Chapter 3: Thorn
---

## Told by: Lemur

The event still left me starstruck. This villager in a brown cloak, with a glistening iron sword stood before me, with the rotting corpse at his feet.
Even the villager in distress was surprised. "Oh... Ok then, well thanks for dealing with my problem. " said the villager. Then the villager went back to his hut as if nothing happened. When he closed the door, Derek grabbed me by the collar of my shirt and said in a stern voice, "What you did back there was stupid. "
I could tell that I angered him, and his yell ripped through my soul like his sword ripped through the zombie. "I'm sorry, I thought I was ready--"
"Well you weren't. " Derek said.
That hurt like a knife in a back.
"Thanks for helping me back there, and I'm sorry for my mistake." I said.
The stern look on Derek's face washed away and replaced it with a sympathetic smile.
"No one's ever said thanks to me before, they usually just look at me like that ugly rat in the sewers, you aren't from around here, aren't you."
I pondered on that reply. Are people that disgraceful to the villagers? Maybe the zombies aren't the monsters, but rather the humans are.
"Let's just say, I wasn't exposed to the elements of this world. " I replied.
"Oh, I see, you were sheltered from this."
"Exactly!" I said.
Then I started hearing more zombies in the distance, and so did Derek.
"You won't last one night, no offense. Let me accompany your journey."
It didn't take much thought when I said, "Yes, please, thanks."
So off we ran, to where was none of our concern... Until we ran into a horde of zombies. Rats!!!
"Stay behind me." Derek said. So I hid behind him, but at a distance as he gracefully swung his sword around and took out the zombies. Derek was quite fatigued and all the zombies were finally killed... Or so it seemed. It was a quiet one, but it swept out of the forest and towards Derek, out of his field of view.

He's going to die, I thought. I could yell, but that could draw zombies close to us. I couldn't come up with a plan fast enough as the zombie stumbled closer and closer to him. Then, without thinking, I ran towards the vile beast, let out a rageful yelp and jabbed my stick into the zombie's temple, killing it in my own hands. Derek jumped away from the yell and twisted himself around to see me with the dead zombie, and its rotten brain matter leaking onto my hands.
"Thanks, " Derek said to me, "you could drop the zombie though."


It was a weird feeling I had inside of me. It felt as if I awakened something. I didn't want to drop the zombie, I just had this gruesome lust to squeeze it's brains through my hands and smash its face in. I looked into the zombie's face and it was speaking to me, whispering, Do it... Do it... Do it.


When I heard that, I instantly dropped the dang thing and wanted to scream, but it seemed I couldn't. Did that zombie just speak to me? I must be losing my mind, but it was so real. All of a sudden, I felt a hand on my shoulder and I came out of my trance to the sounds of zombies moaning all around us. I looked around and the zombies came rolling out like a wave.
"You take those ones and I'll take them!" I said. Then a guy jumped out of a tree and chopped the zombies in the head with two iron axes.

## Told by: Derek Smith

Then he came. The son of a money-thieving scumbag. He leapt from the tree like a pathetic flightless bird. I had to admit though, the kid had more fighting potential than his father could ever have.
He sliced the zombies with such a brute force that each damaging blow sent them flying for the trees. Lemur seemed to be enjoying his sloppy fighting, probably because he had much more strength than me. 

The kid grabbed a zombie by the throat and threw it into two other zombies, crushing them with a mighty force. I thought that was a stupid tactic, because he is risking his life to just to jolly toss a zombie.
He launched his axe into the last zombie, embedding it into the bark. He unlodged the axe from its skull and walked towards us.
"Sorry for jumping in like that, I'm Thorn, and I was just killing off the last of the mega horde."
Thorn looked at me with a thoughtful face and I just pleaded that he wouldn't recognize me.
"It's okay, thanks for that, I'm Lemur and this is Derek." Lemur said.

Idiot, screamed through my head. Please don't remember.

"Oh, okay, nice to meet you."
Thorn reached out to shake my hand and I shook it. I sighed in relief; he didn't remember.

"Say, you guys need a place to stay? My dad-- er, I mean, I own a village not too far from here."

"Sure!" Lemur said.
Oh no, I thought. Now I am in a bit of a dilemma. I have no other choice to go back to the village where it all started. The village I used to live in.


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/2) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/4)
