# Chapter 30: The Polar Kingdom
---

## Told by: Princess Lillian Galaxy

Despite wanting to go to the marked place alone, Harris insisted to accompany me at least half way through the journey there.

"You know Harris, you didn't need to accompany me, I can handle things independently," I said.

"I know, but that's what you said last time, and you were kidnapped. Just consider this a precaution," Harris replied.

I felt kind of annoyed, however, I knew that Harris' actions were thoughtful. He didn't want the kingdom to lose their ruler again... he didn't want to lose a friend again. I scoured the note several times along the way.

*Who wrote this message? Why can't I place a finger on who wrote it?*

My thoughts were disturbed when I heard some zombies approaching. I readied my scepter to disintegrate the rotting corpses when suddenly, the sounds stopped. That's odd.

I looked at Harris, and suddenly this small, hand-sized disc flew into his hand.

"What's that?" I asked.

"Oh, my apologies," Harris said, "Those ores I kept in the mine. I did some engineering and made this. Runs off of electricity for now, but I suspect it can work more efficiently using the mystical power that lapis lazuli has to offer."

"But what does it do?"

"Well, you throw it, and blades retract from the sides. Here, I'll show you, if that's alright."

Another zombie moan was heard which indicated that more were approaching. I agreed it was alright, so he got into a throwing stance. When the zombie came within view, he threw the disc.

Suddenly, the disc opened up and from the sides, appeared three golden blades, that appeared to rotate on their own, and bam! The disc completely entered and exited the zombie's head, killing it right then and there. The blades appeared to have provided some lift to the disc, as suddenly, the disc flew on it's own and returned to Harris. The blades retracted back inside the disc before Harris caught it.

"Oh yeah," Harris said, "And this wristwatch calls it home. It's essentially a tracking chip for the disc."

"You're a genius!" I exclaimed.

"What?"

"Why didn't you tell us that you can do this?"

"Do what? Make this? I didn't think I could."

Harris then laughed and changed the subject.

"Well, this looks to be about halfway, so good luck Princess."

Harris then turned around and went to return to the kingdom.

About half an hour had elapsed since Harris went back, and I had finally made it to the marked place... and something was really peculiar about it. There was snow, and it was dramatically colder in this specific area than the surrounding areas... then I saw it.

Beyond the snowy forests stood towering walls of ice, and I caught a glimpse of what appeared to be a castle of ice. The place was pristine with a pure serenity.

"Stop right there!" said a man suddenly.

At the gates of which I was approaching, stood two guards. They were dressed warmly, with white coats and caps. They both looked similar in that they both had blue hair, and similar attire, and they both used long spears as weapons.

"My apologies, I am Princess Galaxy, I came in regards to this letter," I said as I held out the letter.

The two guards judged the note, then suddenly they grabbed my arms.

"Let go of me!" I exclaimed, as I was kicking them.

The one guard took my scepter, and the other restrained my arms in what felt like ice cold chains.

"Listen Princess," the one guard said as he air quoted princess, "We don't know who you are, but you seem suspicious to us, hence why we're restraining you. We don't want any fight to break out within Polar Kingdom, so you best be stopping this retaliation or else further restraints can and will be used against you."

I stopped, and they held me at knife point as they both escorted me to the castle at the back. *Polar Kingdom?* I thought, *A kingdom of ice.* I regarded the beauty and organization that the kingdom concealed behind it's walls and watched the children play. It was a kingdom of happiness. A worry-free kingdom.

The enormous doors that served as the entrance of the castle were opened and inside, was a vast royal corridor made of ice. A blue and white carpet led to the throne room, and towering pillars of carved ice held the roof above the room. And there to greet me... was a polar bear with a robotic arm, that growled an intense roar towards me. *I'm going to die here,* I thought.

Beside the polar bear was a crowned woman with blonde hair, with a white streak in it. She wore an ice blue dress, and shoes that looked like glass, though I assumed it was ice. I looked at her face and she smiled confidently at me.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/29) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/31)

