# Chapter 31: An Old Friend
---

## Told by: Galaxy

"Vitaur! It's alright!" said the crowned figure.

The polar bear suddenly calmed down and proceeded to rest peacefully at her side.

"General Aindreas, Jackson, what gives with the restraints?" she asked the two guards that escorted me.

"We apologize Princess Snowblossom," Aindreas said.

"She seemed suspicious. We were concerned for the safety of the kingdom," Jackson added.

"Remove those restraints at once!" she ordered.

Snowblossom? I thought, why does that sound familiar? Then it hit me, and I glanced up at the princess, who smiled at me again.

"Yes Lillian Galaxy, it's me," she said.

"Lucinda!?" I exclaimed.

"You two know each other?" Jackson asked.

Lucinda looked up at the two guards and replied, "I think the gate needs some guards, and currently it seems there aren't any. Would you mind?"

"Yes your Majesty," Aindreas said as he bowed.

The two guards left and Princess Snowblossom stood up.

"Get up here Lily! That's an order!" Princess Snowblossom joked.

I ran up to her and gave her a hug, and she seemed colder than I remembered she was all that time ago.

"I thought I would never see you again!" I exclaimed.

"Yeah?" Snowblossom said, "The world works mysteriously like that. How do you like all of this?"

Snowblossom gestured to the entire kingdom, and I had said how wonderful it was.

"And you rule this kingdom?" I asked.

Snowblossom agreed as she gestured to the crown on her head.

"I do, after all, I'm the one who made this place."

I was shocked. This beautiful piece of architectural art, and she made it all by herself?

"That's crazy," I replied, "So how have things been with you?"

So Lucinda caught me up to speed with her life since she left the kingdom. She had wandered aimlessly for days, growing sadder, and more lost, and it showed as her mysterious coldness grew in power, and she was eventually able to manipulate and create ice at will. After about a week, when she was about to give up, she stumbled across a starving, white-furred bear cub.

Wanting to help the poor thing, she decided to take it under her wing. The cub and Lucinda became close companions, with an inseparable bond. After a few weeks, however, when she had nursed the bear back to health, she had let the bear back to the wild. The bear didn't want to leave her, but they both knew it would be better that way.

Several years had passed, and one day, Lucinda was chased by a pack of hungry wolves. She had tripped up suddenly and it appeared as though it would be her end... until a bear came from nowhere and attacked the wolves. It didn't take her long for her to realize it was the same bear from before, coming to return the favour.

The bear fought hard and managed to ward off the wolves... but at a costly price. The bear had taken several wounds to it's right front leg, causing it to bleed profusely. Lucinda had saved the bear before, and the bear saved her that day. Now, she had to save the bear once more, however, she didn't know what she could do to help. She wasn't a medical expert, but she knew that the leg would have to be amputated unfortunately.

"It'll be ok," Lucinda said, shook by the possibility of losing him... then it came to her from nowhere. A plan. She had used her ice powers to freeze the mutilated leg off, and froze the nub that was left to ensure no more blood was lost. When she did this though, she realized that the ice was healing the wound.

After the bear's wound had been healed, she spent a lot of time with the bear she knew long ago, helping it walk with only three legs.

About one year passed since then, and Lucinda had done something with her knowledge of machinery. She had built the bear a prosthetic leg. She used her powers in the leg as a power source, and successfully fused the leg to the bear. Due to her powers powering the leg, the bear had gained a slight ability to control ice as well. Later on, she decided to name the bear Vitaur, thus solidifying the bond between them, and since then, together, they've built the Polar Kingdom.

It was a touching story indeed.

"So wait, you're a demigod!?" I asked.

Lucinda laughed and replied, "Khione, the Goddess of Ice is my mother, so I guess that is true."

"Wow, that's crazy," I replied, then it hit me, "So why did you want to see me again? I wasn't that nice to you back then, and I apologize for that, but you don't need to apologize to me."

"Nah, I feel like I should. I was also mean back then, so I too, am sorry," Lucinda said, "And I wanted to run something by you."

"What is it?"

A large pause came after, before Lucinda said, "I want to make an alliance between the Polar Kingdom and the Lapis Kingdom."

"An alliance?"

"Yes, I don't want to be enemies anymore Lillian, so will we join forces or no?"

It didn't take much thinking for me. I nodded in approval and shook her hand. It was official. The Lapis Kingdom and Polar Kingdom had become great allies from then on.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/30) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/32)

