# Chapter 32: The Forest Speaks
---

## Told by: Queen Scarlet Valentine

It has been a while since the Lapis Kingdom's destruction. Skylar, Jay, Nico and I have been hard at work on clearing up the Stone Kingdom from the years of overgrown shrubbery and the corpses of the undead that littered the place, and it seemed that today was going to be the day that we finished.

And indeed it was. By the end of the day, the Stone Kingdom had been cleansed and refurbished. We had decided to celebrate in the ball room for completing the revamp. When we all gathered in the room, I realized something.

"Where's Jay?" I asked.

We rushed out of the ball room to investigate the kingdom, just to turn up dry. Jay had vanished.

"Where could've she gone?" Skylar asked.

"I have an idea," Nico replied.

Nico led us outside to view the enormous and thick forest behind the kingdom. It the day, it looked beautiful and serene, but now, as the sun was setting, it seemed like an ominous omen.

"Why would she go in there?" I asked.

"I'm not sure if she went in there," Nico replied, "But this is the one place we haven't checked yet."

"Look over there!" Skylar said suddenly.

Skylar picked up what appeared to be Jay's bow. The quiver and arrows were sprawled all over the place as if a struggle happened. Not too far from the mess, the grass leading into the forest was flattened as if someone was dragged.

"Oh no," I said, "It appears as if she were attacked!"

We bolted into the dark, gloomy forest. The forest's interior was even more overgrown than the exterior. Trees twisted in every which way, and vines tangled about in every which direction. Then suddenly, we stopped in our tracks.

"What's wrong?" Nico asked.

"The drag marks end here," I replied, "Skylar do you have any-"

I turned around and noticed something dreadful. We lost Skylar.

"Skylar?!" I exclaimed, "Nico! Did you see wher-"

I then looked back only to find that Nico had also disappeared. I panicked. *What's going on!? Where did they disappear to!?* Then I came up with a possibility. I looked up, only to find two people drop out of the sky and restrain me.

"Let go!" I yelled.

Then I was blindfolded and I felt a twinge of pain on my neck... and soon enough, I fell asleep out of nowhere.

When I woke up, later on in the middle of the night, I found myself in what appeared to be an enormous tree stand, tied to a treetop alongside Nico, Skylar and Jay.

"Where are we?" I whispered.

"We are several metres high up in the tree tops, tied to a tree," Nico said.

"Who are you?" said a voice from the trees.

"Why did you come here?" said another.

"Are you with the Ender Corporation?" said a final voice.

"What are you talking about?" I asked the trees, "We're from the Lapis Kingdom, we mean no harm unlike you guys. Do you guys do this to everyone who passes through the forest?"

Suddenly, a person in camouflage, with a dark mask on dropped from the sky. They removed their mask and behind it was a woman. The woman had short red hair, dark blue eyes, and an expression of seriousness, then she replied, "We usually kill people who pass through, we were feeling a bit passive this time."

"Oh," I replied, "So who are you?"

"You seriously don't know?" she asked, "So you aren't from the Ender Corporation?"

"What is that?" Jay asked, "We never heard of such a thing until now."

Two more figures dropped from the trees, and were soon to be found as female as well.

"Stop lying to us," said one of the figures.

"We aren't lying," Nico replied, "Even I am clueless."

"It's alright Serena, Cynthia," said the red head, "I think they're telling the truth."

"Alright Princess Juniper," said the figure named Cynthia.

"Wait princess?" Skylar said, perplexed.

The red head smiled and chuckled a little.

"Yes, I am the ruler of this place," Juniper said, then she lunged at Skylar with a knife outstretched to her throat, "Now don't think that killing me will do any help. You may not know, but you are surrounded on all sides."

I gulped at that confession. All I saw was three people. I couldn't see any others, which made it all the more terrifying.

"I assure you, we mean no harm," I said, "But could you explain the Ender Corporation?"

Juniper sighed as she withdrew her knife.

"The Ender Corporation. They're a gang of notorious criminals. Led by Herobrine."

"HEROBRINE!?" Jay yelled.

Suddenly, Juniper had drawn out her knife and had it pointed at Jay's eye.

"So you know Herobrine?" she said.

"Yes," I replied, then she pointed the knife at me, "But not in the way you think. Herobrine destroyed our kingdom, that's why we cleared that castle near this forest. We needed shelter."

Serena then spoke up.

"That would explain the clouds of smoke!"

Juniper sighed and withdrew her knife once more, "Your story checks out I suppose."

"So what is this Ender Corporation?" Nico asked.

Juniper looked at the four of us, and then started.

"Listen, what I'm about to tell you is a very serious subject that we don't speak of here. So you'll only hear it once. Got it?!"

We all agreed and then she began to tell us about this mysterious new threat.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/31) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/33)

