# Chapter 33: The Dreadful Past
---

## Told by: Warrior Princess Aurea Juniper

Before the Forest Kingdom's existence, we had once lived in a village on the ground. The village had flourished with people, and was developing nicely. Men, women and children all lived peacefully in this village. One fateful day, however, everything changed. It was the day the Ender Corporation attacked.

The Ender Corporation was comprised of the world's most notorious villains, led by Herobrine. The others within this group included the Entity, Null, Lick, and the Green Man... or at least we nicknamed him the Green Man, we really don't know his real name, or an alias, but he was definitely one worth mentioning as well. All of them had their own terrifying abilities.

Herobrine is the most infamous, with his lightning abilities and ability to control the Undead. The Entity is next on the list. The Entity had the ability to generate and manipulate plasma. He also had control over the Undead, but instead of the zombie strand, the skeletal one. He had the ability to bring any skeleton left behind to life, as a skeletal form.

Null is after that. He possesses shadow abilities much like the Ēna demon tribe can do. This meant he also had the ability to conjure shadow people. Then there's Lick. Lick didn't have much of a supernatural ability, but all the humanely abilities he possessed were at god tier levels. This meant he possessed super strength, speed, you know, the works.

Finally the Green Man. His powers consisted of the ability to create illusions. He was a real trickster and could make the environment appear completely different. He also had the ability to conjure explosive entities.

This notorious group came to raid our village, much like they have done with others. Typically, only a couple of them would raid a select village, but for us, the entire arsenal of them had appeared... perhaps because of how large our village and defenses were. When they came, the bells sounded and the men of the village forced the women and children to flee the village while they defend.

This action was truly sexist, as we had women guards that even had to flee, but if this action hadn't been initiated, there wouldn't have been anyone left to tell the tale. All the men that fought for our home... Assassinated... the village... levelled to the ground. There was nothing left. Not a living soul or even a wooden beam... Only the ashes that blew away in the wind.

We had retreated to the forest and began resettling, though instead of resettling on the ground, we did so in the treetops. This way, we had the higher ground and any surface dwellers like people or assassins would be sitting ducks, waiting to be picked off.

From that day on, we vowed to one day, claim vengeance for the people who were killed, and ultimately liberate the world from the evil they possessed.

"Wow," Scarlet replied, "On behalf of us all, we apologize for what happened."

"It's alright, we don't need your apologies," I replied, "We need to defeat them. All of them."

"We can help," Jay said, "We can just go to the Lapis Kingdom and-"

"Absolutely not," I interjected, "It's bad enough we have four people who know of our survival. We can't just let the world know we lived... We'll be done in."

"Listen then," Nico said, "Ally with us as the Stone Kingdom, if you don't want to interact with Lapis. All there are in the Stone Kingdom are us."

"That is true," Cynthia added, "I checked around the kingdom after I snatched the first one. There are only four of them."

"Wait, you spied on us!?" Skylar exclaimed.

"Silence," I said, "Alright, but only on three conditions."

"And they would be?" Nico asked.

"Don't reveal our whereabouts to anyone, don't tell of our existence and finally, we'll have to bring you back personally."

Nico agreed along with the other three, and we blindfolded them and brought them back to the outskirts of the forest before disappearing into the forest once more. *Am I making the right decision? Should've I just killed them all off?* I thought, and realized, *If they could clear that entire kingdom of zombies... they could possibly be our most valuable asset to ending this chaos once and for all.*



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/32) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/34)

