# Chapter 34: The Ender Corporation
---

## Told by: Lemur

After we defeated the robots and Thorn executed the Maker, who turned out to be his brother once again, we made our journey back home.

"How did you do that!?" Jake asked Thorn, completely shocked of what he witnessed.

"I don't know," Thorn said, "I just felt very angry, and I wanted to avenge the fallen."

"I have an idea," Polar said, "Let me see those axes."

Thorn handed over the axes he had with him since I first met him, and Polar smiled grimly.

"Why these are Ender weapons," Polar said.

"Ender weapons?" I asked.

"The End realm is something that people only ever speak of in legends, due to the dangers that the End has. The End is said to have an airborne disease that only effects outsiders, meaning, not originally from the End. Legend has it that there's a kingdom in the End, ruled by a very powerful Queen, and the Queen has the ability to enchant certain artifacts and relics such as these. These axes must be the Axes of Euphoria. These axes have the hidden power to create razor sharp winds, and the power can only be activated by true nobility."

"Wow," Thorn replied, "My father... he got them from someone... whom he killed."

"Interesting," Fredi said.

Then suddenly, out of the blue, a bolt of lightning shot right past us. We all were ok, but when we looked over, that's when we saw it. Across the horizon was Herobrine, but with him were a whole bunch of others that I've never seen before.

**WHAM!**

Suddenly something invisible punched me in the chest, hurling me backwards. Then this invisible figure took the appearance of the grass beneath us, and attempted to slice me with its sharp, grass blade-like arms. We were under attack! I quickly awakened the Kaīta within me and attacked the individuals alongside my friends.

These enemies were far more stronger than anyone we've battled in all our time wandering this world so far. I went to attack the grass figure, but he simply grabbed my arm and turned into fire, before hurling me back. Fredi quickly started to build walls with his earthbending and encased the masked figure in the ground beneath him. The masked figure simply shattered the earth trying to encase him and uprooted a tree, using it as an enormous weapon.

He whacked us with the tree, leaving Fredi, Polar, and Jake unconscious. Thorn, instinctively dodged and I simply flew above. Thorn then activated the power within his axes and swung razor winds at the enemies. Much like what we did, they all managed to dodge the attack.

"HEROBRINE!" I yelled as I went to attack him.

Herobrine smiled grimly and was about to come at me, when a quick flash of magenta knocked him down, and pulled him away from the blast radius within seconds. The flash dissipated and behind it was a gruesome sight. It was a person, except half of his body looked blackened and charred like charcoal, and the eye on that side was magenta instead of his natural blue.

"How many times do I have to remind you!? I RUN THE ENDER CORPORATION NOW!"

"Yes... Master Yohan" Herobrine muttered angrily.

The attack by the supposed Yohan did some damage on the infamous villain, as blood gushed from Herobrine's face and torso.

*Ender Corporation? Yohan? What is going on?*

"We got what we came for!" said the once flaming person, but now is grass again. The person must've taken down Thorn too while he was at it, as Thorn was knocked out as well. Then I realized. The person has Jake.

"Well done Hyperphase!" Yohan exclaimed.

"Release him now!" I exclaimed as I flew at them at record speed. Yohan laughed maniacally and just as quickly as they appeared, they vanished in a flash of magenta.

I floated gently to the ground and got on my knees, transforming back to human form. *We lost,* I thought, *And now they got Jake.*



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/33) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/35)

