# Chapter 35: Recollection of Memories
---

## Told by: Lemur

It had been several weeks since the mysterious Ender Corporation had attacked us... and kidnapped Jake. I couldn't help but to feel guilty for that. I could've stopped them, but I failed so miserably. After they kidnapped Jake, I had singlehandedly brought everyone back to Běn Dé Village to get treated for their wounds, and I, the only one left awake, had a lot of explaining to do.

"So let me get this straight," Yin said, "You guys found the Maker in a cave in a mountain. You got surrounded by robots, Thorn went berserk with magic weapons, defeated all the robots, and decapitated the Maker who was his brother. Then on the way back, this group called the Ender Corporation came and attacked you guys, leaving the others unconscious. Then you saw Herobrine get his butt handed to him by one of their own, and they made off with Jake?"

I agreed and Yang returned, into the building that I explained, bearing news.

"It appears that a gang that calls them the Ender Corporation has existed..." Yang said, "And it doesn't look good."

"Well, don't leave us in the dark," Yin said, "Well, actually, I prefer darkness, but spill the beans!"

"The Ender Corporation is a gang of raiders. The group holds the world's most infamous criminals to date. The group is led by Herobrine, and members of the group include the Entity, Null, Lick and Sarryth. Now you were saying there were two more individuals, and not only that but a new leader has been chosen?"

"Yes, though I wouldn't say chosen from what I witnessed. That Yohan guy beat the crap out of Herobrine and looked enraged. I'd say it was more the leadership was stolen by Yohan," I replied.

"That doesn't make matters any better," Yin said, "Herobrine was the toughest evil we knew until now. The fact that he got defeated so easily is unsettling."

"Indeed," Yang added, "And these two newbies names are Yohan and Hyperphase?"

I nodded in approval and Yang continued.

"Hyperphase is unknown to me, but I may have an idea of what or who Yohan is."

"Really?" I asked.

"There was a story," Yang said, "of a boy named Yohan who entered a portal leading to the End. He had entered the End in hopes of seeking power. What he didn't know was the airborne viruses and diseases that the End had in store, so by the time that he got out of the End, he was already infected."

"Oh wow," I replied, "And what infected him?"

"He ended up catching terminal Ender Disease," Yang said, "The disease slowly effects the tissues and organs of the body, blackening them and weakening their functions, to the point where they stop working all together, drastically shortening the infected one's life span. It is said that a positive side effect of the disease is teleportation, so it would fit the picture of who leads the Corporation now."

"But he went so fast," I replied, "How could that be teleportation?"

"Well," Yin started, "If you master teleportation, you could easily dapple within the other forms of it. The form you are talking about is speed teleportation. That strand allows quick phases into and out of space, making their speed increase exponentially."

"And this Hyperphase guy, what could he do?" Yin asked.

"It's going to sound weird, but mimic elements?" I replied, unsure of what exactly Hyperphase does.

"Ah," Yang replied, "I bet Hyperphase has the ability to absorb small molecules of anything he touches and can replicate the material with his entire body."

"Once again, not settling the mood!" Yin exclaimed.

"You know what will?" Yang said, "Come outside with us Lemur."

I followed Yin and Yang to a secret garden in the back of their home, complete with dynasty dragon statues, cherry blossoms, and fountains. In the centre of the garden sat a clearing, which is where I was led to.

"What are we doing here?" I asked.

"Just follow my lead," Yang said.

For several minutes, we did very slow movements and listened to the calming waters of the fountains, until I asked, "What is this exactly?"

"It's a spiritual form of movement much like Tai Chi," Yang said, "It calms the body, and can help find peace within, and redirect negative chi."

I was so confused of what Yang said, or what that had to do with me doing it, but I just agreed and continued. After a good half an hour, we finished up and Yang said, "Now don't you forget this movement."

I agreed and followed them back to their house, and I just remembered.

"Yin, Yang," I said.

They both stopped and turned to me and I continued.

"I was wondering... did you still have that canister... you know... from the challenge?"

They looked at one another and agreed.

"Could I get those memories back now?"

"Well you see, we could... if we still had the machine," Yang said.

"That's not true," Yin interjected, "It can also be done with magic."

"Yes, but that is mighty dangerous!!!"

"Alright let's do it," I said.

"What?" Yang asked.

"Give me the memories with magic... please."

Yang sighed and we entered the house. They led me to a room with a giant yin-yang symbol in the ground, made by a mosaic of ceramic and glass. They then instructed me to sit in the center with the canister, while they stood in their respective spots.

Afterwards, they did some free-flowing movements and chanted, and the canister glowed an immense gold... then **BANG!** Instantaneously, I'm hit with memory after memory that was stored within the canister, and it caught me off guard rather quickly, as it replayed that event right before my eyes. Then I gasped for air when the memory had completely returned to me.

"So wait, I already turned into a Kaīta back then? And you guys! You fused!"

They agreed, and Yin said, "Yes, spirits like us can fuse, and let me say, despite our combined strength, you were mighty strong with that demon, and you even beat us! So congratulations there! You are more powerful than you think."

More powerful... than I think. I glanced up at the glass roof above the symbol, viewing the stars. *That means... I have a chance. I can stop the Ender Corporation. I can bring peace to the world.*



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/34) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/36)

