# Chapter 36: The Spirit
---

## Told by: Lemur

After Polar, Fredi and Thorn were finally healthy enough to travel again, and after they were clued in on the events that happened, we were on our way back to the Lapis Kingdom. While they were resting, we got word from Yin and Yang that the Lapis Kingdom had been fully restored, and that anyone who evacuated can come back. This was changed from the original accept-all-who-comes policy due to the lack of housing that the kingdom had suffered from since the attack.

"If you need us, you know where to find us!" Yin said, as we left.

"Indeed we will!" Polar said back.

As we walked back to the kingdom, we discussed about the thing that was on all of our minds. The Ender Corporation.

"How are we going to even beat them?" Fredi asked.

"Yeah, I don't even think the Princess knows," Polar replied, "Just imagine. Herobrine did all that damage singlehandedly. Imagine what a group of them could do."

"Completely wipe out the human population..." Thorn said dreadfully.

We thought about how close that possibility could be. *The entire population, gone? Just by a group of criminals? That's wicked scary.*

"We can do it," I said, "I'm sure that we can defeat them all."

The others looked at me as though I had three heads.

"Are you serious Lemur!?" Polar exclaimed, "They outdid us all before we even saw it, how can we match that?"

"I don't know," I said, "It's just a feeling I've got. Remember back at the kingdom, I almost had Herobrine. I'm sure with enough effort and information, we can take them all down."

Polar shushed up in a sense of 'he has a point' fashion. Then suddenly...

"LEMUR!!!" yelled a familiar voice.

Off to the left of our path to the kingdom, was what looked to be a maniacal shell of what was formerly Curtis... the one that killed Derek. His clothes looked raggedy and torn, and along his arms were several scars from what appeared to be cuts. His hair was untidy, thinned and it even looked white, as opposed to his natural blonde. On his face, several veins bulged and glowed a green, much like his bloodshot eyes. It looked as though he were touched by death itself.

Then out of nowhere, Curtis phased himself to me before punching me with his gauntlet. The sheer power of the punch sent me flying several metres before getting imprinted into the ground. *He's gotten stronger,* I thought, *much, much stronger... and it looks like he can't handle the immense power.*

"I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!" Curtis yelled as he released the jade dragon from the gauntlet. The dragon looked much more solidified and even faster than it once was, however, I managed to dodge it and enter Ka朝ta mode.

The others tried to aid in taking down Curtis while the dragon came at me, but Curtis simply punched the ground, sending a shockwave in all directions... hurling them away from him.

"I'LL OBLITERATE YOU!!!" Curtis yelled, as he controlled the jade dragon to turn around and home on me... and this was when it hit me. *The spiritual movement. If I didn't handle my powers, I would've turned into Curtis. He's become mad with emotions... wait... it can redirect energy!*

As the dragon came at me, I dodged its mouth and shoved my hand into it's throat and did the spiritual movements peacefully and serenely. The dragon bent to my will, and it's emerald green aura soon turned completely red. *I had control of it.*

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! KILL HIM!!!" Curtis yelled as he tried to move the dragon with the gauntlet.

The dragon didn't budge.

"WHY WON'T YOU LISTEN!?!" Curtis yelled.

The enormous dynasty dragon's soul intertwined with mine as it circled around me like a regal being.

"Do you want it back?" I asked.

"YES!!!" Curtis spat.

I then continued the spiritual movements and flung the dragon by the throat at Curtis. Curtis, who was so twisted with rage and power, awaited for the dragon to return to the gauntlet so he could kill me... but that didn't quite happen.

The dragon passed through Curtis, eating his soul.

"How... could you deceive me!?" Curtis yelled at the dragon as his soul was stripped from his body. The soul gem that housed the dragon, in reaction to the dragon, shook into a frenzy before exploding in a cloud of green energy, and just like that, the dragon vanished.

From the green explosion, a large mass of light blue flung into the air, along with several disembodied voices which I presumed to be all the souls Curtis claimed as his own.

I flew down to check on the others, and reverted back to normal.

"Are you guys alright?" I asked.

They all nodded in agreement.

"You did it," Polar said in astonishment, "You took him down."

"Indeed he did," said an all too familiar voice.

From the mass of souls, which were quickly dissipating as they moved on to the next life, dropped a ball of energy, which soon manifested into-

"Derek!?" I exclaimed.

Derek's spirit laughed and we were all astounded.

"Thanks for freeing us," Derek said, "You all grew up so much since we were last together. Back when I was still alive. Thorn, what you said back there... your speech... you don't need to apologize, as you did nothing wrong, but I will forgive you nonetheless."

I couldn't help but to cry, along with the others, as we were visited by our dead friend.

"And Lemur," Derek said, as he slowly faded away.

"Don't go!" I exclaimed.

"I have to... I must move on to the next life... but do this one last request for me."

"Yes?" I sniffled.

"Take my sword... You can't let anyone else take it... please... do that..." Derek's voice said as it deafened to silence.

And just like that, Derek was gone once more.

We arrived at Derek's gravesite shortly after, and luckily, the sword we used to mark it was still there. Thorn had crafted up a cross bearing Derek's name on it, and replaced the sword with it.

"I wonder why Derek wanted this sword in our possession," Thorn said.

"Well it is a weapon," Fredi replied.

"Well yeah, but there had to be some reason. Many weapons are found here and there, by the fallen..."

Thorn handed the sword to me and said, "He wanted you to take it."

When I grabbed the handle, I felt a sudden burst of energy, and the Ka朝ta within me suddenly screeched in my mind, and I held my head in pain.

"What's going on!?" Polar exclaimed.

The Ka朝ta then screamed something in what I presumed to be Devil's Tongue and just like that, it all stopped... and Ka朝ta yelled, "NEXT TIME YOU TOUCH A DAMN AETHER BLESSED WEAPON, GIVE ME A HEADS UP!!!"

Aether blessed? I thought.

I swung the sword to the sky and to my surprise, lightning shot out of the sword and into the sky, much like how Herobrine did lightning, and the others watched with both horror and astonishment. I stopped the lightning show and gave the sword back to a reluctant Thorn, who was afraid to even touch the thing.

"That's how it works!" I exclaimed.

"How what works!?" Polar replied, "How to give us PTSD!?"

"No, and sorry by the way," I replied, "That sword is blessed by the Aether."

We all looked at the sword in mesmerization, and Polar replied, "And Aether weapons don't go out shooting lightning!"

"I'm not done," I continued, "And I'm cursed by the Nether."

"Ok..." Thorn said, "I don't know where you're going with this."

"It's simple really," I replied, "Herobrine's weapon is Aether blessed too, and he received the curse... that means... if we can get the pickaxe..."

"He won't have lightning powers!" Polar exclaimed, "He would be rendered useless, well apart from commanding zombies!"

"Exactly," I said, "So that's how we can defeat him... we take his pickaxe."

"Perfect!" Fredi said, "Now what about the others?"

"I don't have a plan for them all!" I exclaimed, "But we have to warn the kingdom of this threat before it's too late!"

So we continued our path to the kingdom, leaving Derek's grave behind... but bringing his knowledge, and a bit of his spirit...with us.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/35) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/37)

