# Chapter 37: The Start to a War
---

## Told by: Lemur

It wasn't before long that we had arrived to the restored Lapis Kingdom, where two new guards watched the main entrance.

"You!" said one of the guards, "Who are you and state your business here!"

Suddenly, the gates opened and out popped Galaxy, who ran up to me and gave me a big hug.

"It's alright Cedric, they're good friends of mine," Galaxy told the guard.

"Alright, you may pass," Cedric told us.

We entered through the gates, and what was behind them was much different from what it was. Apart from the scorch marks in the ground and along some of the stone walls, there was much more organization and time put into the design of the kingdom. Houses lined the streets cleanly, and were getting filled by new residents, and returning residents. It was a nice change.

"Welcome back to the Lapis Kingdom guys!" Galaxy said happily, then Galaxy noticed something and asked, "Where's Derek?"

"Maybe it's best if we said this... somewhere quieter," Thorn replied.

We left for the royal castle, and entered Galaxy's bedroom, which was a magnificent blue, with golden trims and a crystal light. It was here that we explained everything. We told Galaxy about Derek's death, Curtis, the village, the Maker, and worst of all, the Ender Corporation.

"Wow..." Galaxy said, "A lot has happened... I'm sorry to hear about Derek."

"It's alright," I replied.

"No it's not. I would've done something if I knew."

"Listen," Thorn said, "Now's not the time. Derek came to us in spirit and gave us a clue about Herobrine's powers. We have to defeat the Ender Corporation, and we have no time to waste."

"That is true," Galaxy replied, "We'll discuss this in the royal hall. There's someone there I would like you to meet... and I think she'll help us greatly."

We were confused, but we followed Galaxy to the royal hall, and standing there was a blonde woman with a crown, and wearing an icy blue dress. She truly looked regal.

"Guys, I would like you to meet Princess of Polar Kingdom, miss Lucinda Glacier Snowblossom," Galaxy said.

"It's a pleasure to meet you," Princess Snowblossom said.

"Princess?" Polar asked.

"Polar Kingdom?" Fredi questioned.

Galaxy clued us in on what happened on her end while we were gone, and clued Snowblossom in on what we experienced.

"Ok, so Princess Snowblossom is the ruler of Polar Kingdom, and was an old friend of yours, and now the Lapis Kingdom and Polar Kingdom are allied?" Thorn asked.

"Yes," Galaxy replied.

"Alright," Snowblossom started, "So we are dealing with a high level threat to all of humanity. A gang of notorious criminals are raiding every place they can, and killing off the people there who defend it."

"Indeed," I said.

"So what are we going to do?" Polar asked, "We can't just ignore them, they can come at any time and raid us all."

Galaxy and Snowblossom looked at each other and agreed with Polar's statement.

"Thorn, Lemur," Galaxy said, "You said you had something to show us? A clue about Herobrine?"

"Ah yes," Thorn said, "But we'll need to take it outside."

"Why?" Snowblossom asked.

"You'll see Princess," I replied.

We went out to the courtyard of the kingdom and I warned Kaīta this time, that I was going to touch a blessed item. Thorn handed me Derek's sword and I started my speech.

"Alright, so this... is Derek's sword," I said, "It is an Aether blessed item. I am Lemur, and I have a curse originating from the Nether."

"Ok..." Galaxy said.

"Now when they're together, we found something truly shocking."

I then swung the sword at a dummy and out shot a magnificent bolt of lightning, hitting the dummy and exploding it.

Galaxy and Snowblossom looked surprised, and perhaps even afraid, as Herobrine is my father and also has lightning powers. Thorn quickly noticed this and added, "Aether weapons handled by Nether curses causes a mix, and it appears that lightning comes with that mix."

I stopped the lightning bolt and handed the sword back to Thorn, and Polar continued from where Thorn left off.

"Herobrine's pickaxe is deemed to be Brine's Aether blessed pickaxe, and since Herobrine is also a Nether curse-"

"Then that means his powers aren't rooted to him!" Snowblossom exclaimed.

"Exactly," Fredi said, "We can easily strip Herobrine of his powers, and defeat him!"

We returned to the royal hall where Galaxy and Snowblossom had to say some final words.

"The Polar Kingdom will help out the Lapis Kingdom however it can," Snowblossom said.

"Alright," Galaxy said, "And furthermore. The Lapis and Polar Kingdoms are officially waging war against the Ender Corporation."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/36) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/38)

