# Chapter 38: The Madman's Experiment
---

**(In a laboratory, in an unknown location)**

"So, how's our patient doing?" Yohan asked the scientists in the laboratory. Strapped to an operation table, was the unconscious Jake, who was also hooked up to all these computerized machines.

"Well his vital signs are normal," said the male scientist, "Currently unconscious."

"Good," Yohan replied, "We don't want him to remember a thing, so it's best if we can keep him unconscious long enough for the amnesiac chemicals to play their part."

"How did project Hyperphase go?" asked the female scientist.

Yohan chuckled and said, "He is a fine specimen. His abilities of absorbing materials worked like a charm, and better yet, he doesn't remember a thing!"

Suddenly, Yohan clutched his chest in pain, and fell backwards due to the pain, and light-headedness. The two scientists quickly rushed to his side and witnessed the charred tissue appearance spread about half a centimetre in any which direction.

"Master Yohan, are you alright?" The male scientist asked.

"Yes..." Yohan said between gasps of air, "My life... it's ending... real soon... tell me, will the experiment work?"

"We're not sure, but we'll try to make project Speed Teleportation a success. May we take some of your precious blood Master?"

"Go ahead," Yohan replied, "Whatever is needed to make another one as powerful as I am to carry out my plans of world domination, I am willing to do."

The scientists pulled out a large syringe and stabbed it into his charred arm, and extracted some blood, which was a luminous magenta colour... presumably a side effect of the Ender Disease.

"Now, we mix this blood with the extracting agent," The female scientist said.

They ejected the blood into a clear liquid within a beaker, and the blood diffused within the liquid, slowly turning from a magenta to a cyan blue.

"Now tell me," Yohan said, "Why is it that you can't just inject the agent into me?"

"Unfortunately," the male scientist started, "There is no cure for the disease. The extracting agent will only extract the powers and will have no effect on your condition. Of anything, the extracting agent would create an exothermic reaction, cooking you from the inside out."

"Right," Yohan said cluelessly.

"Alright, begin injecting the solution," the male scientist said.

The female scientist filled a syringe with the cyan solution and injected it into Jake's bloodstream, while the male scientist filled another syringe with the amnesiac chemical to inject in Jake's other arm.

Jake's veins slowly began to glow blue beneath his skin, and suddenly his eyes opened. His eyes glowed a mighty blue, and darted side to side before he asked, "Where am I? Who am I? What am I doing here?"

Yohan approached Jake, and looked down at his face, checking to see if Jake exhibited any signs of deceit, and smiled when he couldn't find any.

"Your name is Adriano Zampano, and you are in the Ender Experimental Laboratory," Yohan explained, "You were brought here because we found you unconscious and we had to help. Tell me, do you remember anything before you were unconscious?"

Jake thought long and hard and said, "Why can't I remember!? Also, what's wrong with your face?"

Yohan sighed and explained further.

"You must be experiencing amnesia. Don't worry, we'll try our best to help you... Now to answer your other question..."

Yohan started to tear up on his own command and blurted, "The others did this to me! Not us, the Ender Corporation, but all of humanity! They mutilated me!"

"That's awful!" Jake exclaimed, "I want to show humanity what's coming to them!!! I want to give them payback for what they did to you!"

Yohan smiled slightly. *This is almost too easy.*

"Well... if you really want to... we did give you a power, and with proper training, we can take down humanity together, and nothing can stop us!"

"YEAH!" Jake exclaimed as the restraints he wore were removed, "I, Adriano Zampano, will avenge..."

"Yohan," Yohan said, "My name is Yohan."

"I will avenge Yohan!!!" Jake continued, "HUMANITY WILL PAY!"

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/37) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/39)

