# Chapter 39: The Search
---

## Told by: Lemur

After we had declared war against the Ender Corporation, by the allied kingdoms of the Lapis Kingdom, we were hard at work at preparing an army to stand a chance against the threat. While Galaxy and Snowblossom trained all of their residents in defense and ultimate combat, Thorn, Polar, Fredi and I were given the task of finding survivors of the raids and rallying more civilians in joining the epic war... and possibly gather intel on the Ender Corporation's whereabouts... in hopes of finding Jake.

"Good luck," said the guard at the gate.

"Thanks... uh..." I said.

"Cedric, my name is Cedric."

"Alright, thanks Cedric."

So, we left the Lapis Kingdom to venture the outside world, and the guards shut the gates behind us. Thorn had brought Derek's sword with him to provide to me in case of emergencies.

"I really don't know why you brought it with you," I said, "I could just transform into Kaīta and take out any enemies."

"I know," Thorn replied, "But the lightning is so much cooler when it's on our side. It will strike fear into our enemies' eyes."

"Jesus Thorn," Polar interjected, "We're trying to gather people, not scare them off."

It had been a while, but we had eventually found five people in total... or rather five individuals on our side. We had found Slamacow, Dave the Zombie, and Bart the Enderman, who were former Lapis Kingdom civilians. Along with these three, we had found two strangers named Loralyn and Cyrus.

Loralyn was a blonde woman, who had brown eyes, a red scarf, and black clothing, and wielded a sword; Cyrus had platinum blonde hair, with blue eyes, a light blue sweater, and dark blue pants and wielded a sword as well. They had come from a former village, that was raided by the new Ender Corporation and were the only survivors from that specific village.

"They're strong," Loralyn had told us, "But despite their strength, we will fight for our fallen alongside the Lapis Kingdom!!!"

We then continued the search for more people who could aid us on our campaign, and after about three hours, it seemed hopeless.

"We've been walking for hours!" Thorn exclaimed, "There's just no one else out here!"

"Wait, what's that!?" Cyrus blurted as he pointed to something on the horizon.

We all turned to look and what we saw was outstanding. Standing out from a deep forest, was a well-kept kingdom. The kingdom seemed abandoned, however, the cleanliness that it exhibited in comparison to its surroundings suggested otherwise. The kingdom appeared to be made from stone.

"Should we check?" Fredi asked.

I sighed and replied, "Though it would be dangerous to approach an entire kingdom expecting them to join us, we have no choice. We're in need of soldiers."

We ventured towards the kingdom and suddenly, volley after volley of arrows came raining down on us. I had then used my firebending to send a wave of fire above, turning the arrows to ash as we charged at the kingdom... when suddenly, someone appeared before us in no time at all.

"Wait guys!" said the person, "Believe it or not, I recognize them."

"How do you know us?!" I said, as I grabbed the collar of his shirt and held a fireball to his face, "Are you working with the Ender Corporation?!"

The man looked slightly shocked but then said, "No, we are formerly from the Lapis Kingdom... I'm Nico, and the two firing arrows are Queen Scarlet and Jay. The one that was about to kill you then and there was Skylar... you're lucky I signaled her no to."

"What?!" I exclaimed as I turned.

Behind me, hidden behind a barricade was in fact, a woman with fiery hair, ready to take a swing at me with her sword or shield if I harmed Nico in any way.

"My apologies," I said as I let Nico go.

"No worries," Nico said, "Though how do you know about the Ender Corporation Lemur?"

We told the four our story and sent the question back at them. They said what they had done since the fall of the Lapis Kingdom. From clearing the zombies in what is presently known as the Stone Kingdom to the claim of being intercepted by the Ender Corporation which was how they knew.

For some reason, I couldn't truly believe that they were intercepted by this gang, but I had no choice but to believe it as it was the only reason that Nico would react in the way he did.

"So... then you guys own this kingdom solely?" Polar asked.

They had agreed and Scarlet said, "Indeed, welcome to the Stone Kingdom. What brings you here anyhow?"

I stepped up and said, "Well the Lapis Kingdom is restored."

"Really!?!" Jay screamed unbelievably, "That's great news!!! That means we can go home!!!"

Scarlet put her hand on Jay's shoulder and interjected, "Not really... you see, you could go home if you'd like... but I rule this place... and I think it's best if I stayed here."

Jay looked distressed by her decision on if she would go or stay, until she finally said, "I'll actually stay, I guess. This place is roomier after all!"

Scarlet sensed that there was something else on my mind and she insisted I told her the other part.

"The Lapis Kingdom is allied with another kingdom named the Polar Kingdom..." I started, "And... we're engaging war with the Ender Corporation."

The four again looked startled, so I continued.

"So, we were looking for people to help us in the war... would you guys be--"

"Without question," Scarlet interrupted, "The Lapis Kingdom was my first home, so you bet that the Stone Kingdom will be joining the allied forces! In fact, you can send over some civilians here to train as it is a vast empty space."

"Great! By any chance, do you know of any other people that can help out our cause?"

The four looked at each other and Scarlet replied, "Unfortunately not, we're all that's here."

"Damn... that's too bad," Thorn said, "Anyhow, we should go back and report to Princess Galaxy and Princess Snowblossom of the new ally! It's nice seeing you!"

"Nice seeing you too," Scarlet replied.

So, then we left the Stone Kingdom... ready to let the other allies know that we got more people to fight... fight against the wicked evil in this world.





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/38) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/40)

