# Chapter 4: A War
---

## Told by: Derek

**(Year 2008: Drake Village)**

Moan... Moan... Moan. I took in a breath of the stale air. "Nothing like waking up to a zombie alarm clock in the morning." I said to myself.
I got up and put in my traditional farmer's robe and went outside to greet the zombies. You may have thought I was crazy to go outside with zombies if you didn't know me, but trust me, I know what I am doing. I drew out my rusty, old, beaten up sword and peered out to the west. "It's him," I mumbled, "that money-thieving, good-for-nothing coward."
I could hear the zombies coming closer to me and there he was, just sitting in the shade. *His name is Drake, a father of two, and married to Mia, who appeared in this village when The Surge happened. When he came, he saw an opportunity to make good dough, or emeralds in our case, and he 'took care' of the zombies.
All he ever did was kill zombies that neared his house, and left villagers like me to die... Unless if you were me. I took the initiative to become something I shouldn't have to ever become, and that is a fighter. I usually dressed in black clothing when I did this for the village and the village responded thinking that DRAKE did it.*

I then stabbed and sliced the zombies that were coming at me.
"That was a close one, I must've got carried away from thinking," I said to myself.

*As I was thinking, Drake got lots of credit for the elimination of zombies but he doesn't want the credit, he wants the emeralds. Only a couple of the villagers know of the "Man in Black" and how he's the one who kills many of the zombies. I guess that is the nickname that the people gave me, and it's kind of fun listening to the legends of the Man in Black from the children.
My favourite one is how the Man in Black killed a mega horde of zombies in one swoop of his sword. I always found it funny because according to physics, that is impossible, and I know I didn't even do that, but I won't let rumors die.*

I went back inside and placed my sword into a false floor compartment, when I heard the thumping of Drake's shoes on the boardwalk, coming towards my house.

**Thump, thump, thump!**

"Come in!" I said.
"You don't speak to me and you open the door," Drake said, then mumbled, "filthy villager."

*I never enjoyed the insults that came out of his mouth. He treats us as objects that pay him to sit around and occasionally use us for slave labor. Despite that, it isn't the main reason why I hate his guts, but rather, what damage he has done to me personally. I used to have a family. A mother, father and uncle under one roof... Now I'm the only one. Why you ask?  My mother, Penelope,  was a mage, my father, Barry was a pickaxe wielder, and my uncle Butch, was an axe wielder.
They used to keep the village safe from all threats like these zombies. Drake said that my family 'left without me,' but I know he killed them. They were competition to him, and he couldn't have that... But what really gave it away was the axes that he has mounted on the wall... They were Butch's. I know this because they have diamonds in the base of the handles and so did Butch's.*

I walked to the door and opened it to see him holding out a bag full of emeralds.

"Your payment of 50 emeralds now." Drake said.

I reluctantly gave him my emeralds. *The last time I tried to avoid paying him, he gave me the scar on my neck. He had this concealed switchblade on him and when someone doesn't pay him or they forgot their emeralds, he made sure that they wouldn't do it again. He would cut them usually on the arm, but since I was related to the original protectors of the village, he sliced my neck.*

Drake then walked from my house to the others to gather their share. I left the house too, and decided to go listen to what the children had to say about the Man in Black... But a different topic was in the air today.
"He's dead?" A villager said to another.
I found my friend's younger brother, Darrel, in an alleyway crying, so I went to see what was wrong. When he told me, my stomach twisted and churned several times. "Leroy's dead?" I said, astonished.

*Leroy was a bit older than me, and was always the life of the party, which made up for my quiet soul. Everyone loved Leroy, and if you were to ask anybody what they liked the most about him, they would say his smile. His smile was contagious. If you saw Leroy's goofy smile, he would magically bring a smile to your face.*

"How did he die?" I asked.
In between sniffles, Darrel said, "He was... He was... Eaten alive."

That stung me even more. The reason why I'm even killing zombies is so I can keep my friends alive and now look what happened.

I comforted Darrel for the rest of the day and played his favourite games to get Leroy off of his mind, then I escorted him home.
"Thanks for playing with me Derek!" Darrel said cheerfully, and he ran into the house. His parents gave me a sympathetic and grateful face as I closed their door.

Night was looming over the horizon and I quickly got home to be prepared for my nightly routine. I took off my traditional robe and put on my black robe, along with wrapping my neck and chin with a black scarf. I also opened up the false floor and grabbed my sword. I then opened the door and climbed onto my roof and waited... And waited.
Finally, the first zombies started to come into the light from the street lamps. I jumped off my roof and started the bloody battle against the zombies and shortly after, I saw Drake exit his house too.

I thought his fighting style was sloppy. The way he used his sword was too forceful and it will cause him pain in the future. Then he glanced over and saw me.

Oh no,  I thought. I fled from the scene and hid in the shadows of the houses, killing zombies as they got too close. I heard him yelling "Hey," and I thought I was going to be finished by him when the window above me opened up and a whisper said, "Come in here."

It was Winston. *Winston is the only other one who knows that I'm the Man in Black, after all, he made me this sword, he's a blacksmith.*

I climbed into his room and closed the window just as Drake made it to my original destination. I took my scarf off of my mouth.
"Thanks." I whispered.
"No problem," Winston whispered back, "are you sure you want to be doing this now, you haven't got a decent amount of sleep in weeks, and I don't want you to--"

"I'm sure, I'm doing this for you. When I heard of Leroy's death, I knew I failed him and I'm trying to make up for it."

"You didn't fail him Derek. Drake did. He should be the one doing all the killing."

*He's right. Why did I think I failed him? It must be from a lack of decent sleep.*

"May I sleep here for the night? The fuzz is really going to be patrolling now." I asked.

"Of course." Winston replied.

(The next day)

I woke up in Winston's cellar. I was confused at first but remembered quickly that he allowed me to stay the night. I found a farmers robe on the bed, so I changed into it and hid my alter-ego underneath. I went upstairs and realized that Winston wasn't there, and a large gathering was a couple blocks away.

He must be there, I thought. So I left his house and walked to the gathering. As I sifted through the crowd searching for him and heard Drake saying, "The Man in Black is evil!"
I finally pushed my way to the center and what I saw was heartbreaking.

Winston's mangled body laid on the boardwalk, with gashes throughout his body and his decapitated head was eyeing me, with a face of terror and fear.
"The Man in Black isn't what you think he is! He killed this poor defenseless soul, oh, what a tragedy!"

*That lying scumbag. I know what he's doing. He has killed a villager on purpose, and is telling the others that the Man in Black did it... Meaning he is a threat.*

"If anyone sees this killer, tell me immediately and I'll make sure he'll never return again!" Drake yelled.

I ran to my house as quickly as I possibly can and I hid my sword and my cloak in the false floor, when I heard...
**Thump, thump, thump!**
"Derek open up!"
It was Drake! I opened up the door and he activated his switchblade and he held it to my face.

"Listen, you're a good kid. Now tell me, where were you last night?"

I was truly frightened, but I held my composure and said, "I was sleeping last night, just like any other villager would do."

"Sure," Drake said, "then you won't mind if I investigated your house."

"Ok." I said.  I watched him scavenge around in my bed, desks,  cupboards and anything else that could hide something.
"Ok, looks like your story checks in as true." Drake said. He left and slammed the door, and I exhaled a sigh of relief.
*He didn't check the floors.* Then I remembered Winston and I was getting choked up, so I knelt to the floor and prayed, "Gods and Goddesses of the Aether, please make sure that Drake will be punished for all he's done, please grant me revenge!"

**(Year 2017: Drake Vilage)**

I walked to the outskirts of the village, with a handful of flowers. After walking some large distance, I made it to a large rock with text engraved into it. *Winston and Leroy's memorial stone. I made this back in 2008, when Winston was murdered. Since I didn't know exactly what Drake did with the bodies, I came up with the idea to make them a memorial shrine to honor their lives.*

I placed the flowers on the stone and knelt in front of it. "Well Leroy, Winston, I'm officially 20. If you were here, I know you'd wish me a happy birthday, and we'd probably have a couple drinks. I just hope that I am meeting your expectations, even if you are in the afterlife. Drake is still here and so is his son. I've realized he's been moping around, and his wife and other son are no longer around, which leads me to believe that they're dead. I will avenge you guys, somehow, I promise. So... I guess that's it. I hope you're having a great afterlife... Bye."

I got up and rubbed the dust off of my robe, when all of a sudden I heard thunder rolling.
**BOOM!**
I peered behind me and noticed a large thunderstorm coming towards my village. *That's not good. The thunder will attract zombies... A lot of zombies, perhaps a mega horde. I got to get there and warn the locals!*
So then I ran. I ran as quickly as possible to the village. *Thank the Gods and Goddesses that I've been doing hardcore training for agility and endurance.* It paid off indeed, as I got there in a matter of minutes. Then I saw it. On the horizon, was a large horde of zombies, six or seven deep. The horde was very close and approaching.
*Not enough time to tell everyone to get inside, what to do, what to do...* Then it hit me. I didn't do this for a long time. I rushed into my house. I opened up the false floor and pulled out the Man in Black alter ego from it. It was a bit small and tight for my body, even though I am slender, so I ripped holes into the back of the robe and ripped the sleeves off as well. I put on the robe and scarf and grabbed my sword.

I got outside and it started to rain. I didn't really care though, so I ran through the streets and killed the zombies that were threatening the villagers. The reactions from the villagers though were opposite of what I was expecting. Many of the villagers screamed in terror when they saw me and I saw one crossing their heart, hoping I won't kill them. *Thanks Drake.*

I went to turn the corner when a group of zombies appeared in front of me. I then went to turn around and more zombies were there. I was trapped. *I'm going to die,* I thought. All of a sudden, a bolt of lightning struck my sword and I started to float.

***"Derek, hey."***
I recognized that voice.
"Leroy!?" I said.
***"And Winston!"*** said Winston.
***"We are here to answer your prayer. Happy birthday friend."***
Then my sword was glowing and it began to change. The sword went from it's rookie appearance, to a sword that looked as if a master bladesmith had spent years forging it.
***"We'll always be here, in your sword, and I think you'll like what we did to it."*** Winston said.

After that, a huge blast of energy radiated from it and I dropped to the ground. At the same time, I heard a scream. It was Drake. I was sure he died when all of a sudden,
"THORN, COME HOME, QUICK!!!"
He must've injured himself during the battle with the mega horde, thanks guys. That serves him right.
**Grooan.**
"Oh yeah, I forgot, I'm surrounded by zombies!" I yelled. My sword shook in my hand and all of a sudden, it grew about three times it's original size! Oh, I get it. My favourite legend. Kills all the zombies in one swoop of his sword. I then swung my sword as quickly as I can. The sword was surprisingly light and razor sharp and it indeed killed all the zombies in one swoop. "Awesome!" I said. The moment of awesomeness was ended with another scream from Drake and more zombies were approaching. I have to escape, or else I'll die... Bye village, we've had better times. I closed my eyes and took in a breath of air. Then I started the sprint through the eye of the horde.

## Told by: Thorn Ozuna

I was in the forest, playing war with a few sticks and stones. I was about 5 minutes into it when all of a sudden, I heard my dad yell, "THORN, COME HOME, QUICK!!!"
It was very uncommon for my dad to yell, so it must be serious. So I ran to the edge of a hill and my heart sunk into my stomach. The village I once lived in peacefully, was filled with zombies! The zombies were everywhere, but there appeared to be more of them in front of our house. *I hope dad is okay,* I thought. I ran towards our house, pleading for my dad's safety. My pleading ended when I found out why the zombies were at our house.

My dad was getting eaten by them, right before my eyes. I was trying to fight back tears as I planned how I could possibly save the village. All of a sudden, the zombies were starting to come at me and that was when I sprinted for my life.

I found a window that wasn't that didn't have many zombies in front of it, so I threw myself into it, shattering it and getting inside. The door was luckily closed, but I knew it wouldn't hold for long, as the zombies were bashing theirselves against it, trying to get theirselves another meal. I bolted throughout our house, searching for dear life, a chance against these monsters. I glanced up and saw two axes mounted on the wall. *Perfect!*
**BANG!**
The door has been busted down and zombies started flowing in like a flash flood! *I may be screwed, but I must give myself a chance to live!* I ran out to the main room and started to kill zombies like crazy. I was launching them to and from and all that mattered to me was my life, so I killed and killed. I kept going as fast and efficient as possible and I eventually made it out the front doorway. There were many zombies still, so back to killing I went. As I was killing, I saw in the corner of my eye, a person in black clothing, slaying like a beast, trying to escape the village. *The Man in Black! I thought he was a bad guy, but it appears he's also trying to eliminate the zombies as well! Why did father say he was evil?*
My body was aching, but I knew I couldn't stop for one second or else I could die. Finally, after a couple hours, I killed all of the zombies. I was breathing heavily, but no matter how tired I was, nothing will stop me from seeing my dad! I ran over to his side and saw his mangled body. All of a sudden, I saw his chest rise and he exhaled. "DAD! YOU'RE ALIVE!" I yelled. He replied back with a weak moan. *Oh no, he's... Turned. My dad isn't alive, he's now a zombie too.* My heart sunk again.

I was on my knees then and said, "Sorry, dad."
Then I swung my axe into his head... Killing his zombified form. *He's gone.* I dropped my axes to the ground. *He's dead, and it's all my fault.* I looked around and I also realized that the Man in Black was also gone. I saw some of the horde still alive, heading south, and my sadness became an inferno of anger. *I won't let you escape after what you've done! I will make sure you don't kill anymore people!!!* I got up, and lifted my deceased father up and did what my father did to the other deceased. I threw him off the ocean bluff, into the ocean, so his soul can peacefully be brought back to Earth. That was what he always said. After paying my respects to him, off I went, to chase down the horde that killed my father and ultimately avenge him. While chasing them down, a few questions bounced around in my head. *Who is the Man in Black? Where'd he go? And also, will I ever see him again?*


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/1) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/1)

