# Chapter 40: Speed Teleportation
---

"Alright," Yohan said, "Speed teleportation is pretty easy. Much easier than people think it is, but first, we're going to teach you regular teleportation... as that is the first half of my powers anyhow."

Adriano nodded.

"Ok, so teleportation is the transfer of matter from one place to another in space, without necessarily making the path there. What happens is that, in teleportation, matter phases out of reality, and back into reality elsewhere in space. What helped me learn this was just by simply thinking of the science behind it... and imagining myself make it to a separate location without moving. Just get plopped into that new place. It helps to start out small too. Just about a couple metres away, before you try teleporting several kilometres. Got that?"

"Yes?" Adriano said, unsure of himself.

"Splendid," Yohan said, "Now let's try it."

Yohan then teleported off to the right about two metres and looked at Adriano.

"You can do it!"

Adriano stood there for several minutes, trying to teleport but it just wasn't working... then suddenly, Yohan fell to the ground in pain again, and yelped.

"Yohan!" Adriano yelled. Then suddenly, in a flash of cyan light, Adriano had teleported to Yohan's side and checked on him. Adriano witnessed more of Yohan's skin turn black and Yohan got on his knee and said weakly, "You... did it..."

"Yohan, you're clearly hurt! Let me get help!" Adriano said.

Yohan chuckled weakly and replied, "If only... it were that simple... there's no cure... for what I have... I will die... soon..."

Adriano saw a tear trickle down his face, and Yohan continued as he got up slowly.

"I'm good. Just teleport back to where you were... do what you need to do so."

Adriano then teleported back, and Yohan applauded.

"Great job. Now onto the next part... speed." Yohan said, "All you have to do now is teleport those small distances very quickly... essentially never becoming fully phased into reality, which is what causes the light show."

Yohan then demonstrated his speed teleportation, and Adriano witnessed the laser light of magenta circle the lab within split seconds and obliterate a tree before phasing back in front of Adriano.

"Now you try."

Adriano was slow at first... taking about ten seconds before circling the lab once, but within a few hours of training, he managed to circle the lab even faster than Yohan did.

"You're catching on quickly!" Yohan exclaimed.

"Thanks!" Adriano replied.

"Now the final test," Yohan said, "Battle me."

"Are you—" Adriano started before Yohan speed teleported into him, knocking him flat onto the ground.

"Alright, you are very sure!" Adriano said with a determined expression on his face.

The two sparred for another hour, and within this time, Adriano had successfully had Yohan on the ground.

"Either you are getting stronger than me..." Yohan gasped, "or I'm getting weaker now..."

Suddenly, the Entity floated around from the front of the lab and exclaimed, "Master Yohan! Herobrine is missing! I think he went to raid Lapis Kingdom by himself!"

*Lapis Kingdom?* Adriano thought, *why does that sound familiar?*

"Don't worry Anton, I never had him in my master plan anyhow. I expected this from Herobrine from the very start since I took over. He's truly a stubborn thing. Let him have a go, and if he comes crying back, execute him."

"Alright sir!" the Entity said.

"And Anton," Yohan said suddenly.

"Yes?"

"Prepare the others. We are initiating the next step in our plan. We're going to take out Běn Dé Village today!"

"Yes sir!"

*Běn Dé Village? That also sounds familiar,* Adriano thought.

Yohan looked at Adriano and smiled.

"I hope you're ready Adriano. This will be your first raid."

Adriano saluted Yohanand said, "I will be as ready as I'll ever be! We will be successful in taking down Běn Dé Village!!!"




[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/39) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/41)

