# Chapter 41: The Journey Home
---

## Told by: Lemur

We began our return home from the Stone Kingdom to tell Galaxy of the new alliance. Along the way there, we spoke with Cyrus and Loralyn, who were complete strangers to us, and vice-versa.

"I should probably let you know beforehand," I started, "I have an inner demon."

Cyrus and Loralyn laughed and replied, "Everybody has an inner demon, it's alright."

"No, I mean it," I answered, "It's a Kaīta."

I transformed my left arm into the demonic arm underneath, and they both looked shocked.

"Woah! What the hell?!" Loralyn exclaimed.

"What are you!?" Cyrus added.

We told them the dreadful story of my relations with Herobrine, the curse, and basically everything that led up to this point.

"That's... horrible," Cyrus said.

"Ehhh... I learned to live with it," I replied, "So, how about you guys?"

"Well," Loralyn said, "We've already told you about what happened during and after the Ender Corporation came... so we'll tell you the beginning. Cyrus and I, we were great friends back then. Childhood friends and inseparable... until the Ender Corporation raided us. When they raided, we were separated and we both believed we were the only survivor... until we found each other."

"And ever since then," Cyrus said, "We have been a significant couple."

"Wait what?" Thorn asked.

Cyrus and Loralyn lifted their hands and revealed two silver rings, with sapphires embedded in it. Carved along the silver was "C & L, till death do us part."

"That's beautiful," Fredi said, "Congratulations!"

"Thanks," Cyrus said.

Then suddenly a crackle of what sounded like electricity exploded in the distance before a beam of lightning hurled towards us. We had all luckily dodged it, and what came up beyond the horizon angered me. *Herobrine.*

"Herobrine!!!" Thorn said as he charged at him. Herobrine just swiftly punched Thorn across the face and said, "I'm only here for Lemur."

"For... Lemur?" Loralyn said, then gasped, "You aren't allied with him are you!?"

"No..." I replied, then transformed into the Kaīta fully, "Far from it!"

"This is exactly why I came," Herobrine interjected, "Let's finish what we started."

"Finish what?" Cyrus asked.

"Guys, stay far away," I said, "This could get ugly."

The others escaped from the site, towards Lapis Kingdom to warn the people that Herobrine was coming and Lemur is battling him alone. While they ran, they explained the situation that happened in Lapis Kingdom to Cyrus and Loralyn, so they didn't think I was plotting with the enemy... then the fight begun.

Herobrine hurled himself at me, and when he was near, I elbowed him in the back, launching him a great distance behind be and proceeded to breathe demonic fire at him. Herobrine simply countered the attack by whirling his pickaxe, creating a shield of lightning around him, before he hurled it at me... electrocuting me instantly.

I fell to the ground and he flew at my fallen body before swinging his pickaxe into my chest, hurling me several metres into the air. Afterwards, Herobrine hurled a bolt of lightning at me, then flew up to my level and slammed me back into the earth below.

I felt defeated, then Herobrine landed next to me, as I feebly try to get up.

"You're weak," Herobrine said, "The only reason you were about to defeat me back then was because you caught me off guard."

Herobrine's words struck a heartstring as I realized that, as much as I don't want to believe him, what he said was true to an extent.

"As my son," Herobrine said, "You're destined to follow in my footsteps. Stop fighting it. Join me."

"...Never..." I said weakly.

"Oh, Lemur," Herobrine replied mockingly, "You're a demon like me. Evil flows through you naturally. No one can ever fully trust you. Befriend you. Love you."

"You're wrong..." I said weakly once more, gaining more intensity in my voice.

"After I finish you off," Herobrine continued, "I'll be sure to kill your friends. Galaxy will be first, I'll finish her like I did with her parents."

Suddenly, I felt a wave of power and energy come over me and I yelled, "DON'T TOUCH HER!!!"

Then, a blast of pure fire radiated from my body, hurling Herobrine several metres away from me, and in the sky and ground, a fiery, satanic pentagram formed. I felt myself grow taller and stronger, and I could've sworn I had seen myself for a split second... and what I saw was truly terrifying.

My body appeared more solid, with molten flesh over the skeleton that was the normal for the Kaīta. On my chest was a fiery red symbol and the horns that protruded from my forehead were much larger and more rigid. Wings of fire and molten rock came from my back, and I had legs now, which were originally non-existent as Kaītas didn't need legs, and a demonic tail had also appeared. I had become a demon of my demon and felt like neither I nor the Kaīta had control at this point.

"AND YET YOU STILL SURPRISE ME!!!" Herobrine exclaimed, "LET THE EVIL CONSUME YOU!"

I phased towards Herobrine at light speed and exclaimed, "I'LL NEVER BE YOU!!!"

I swung my strengthened fist and an enormous explosion came when I punched Herobrine, and it was strong enough for him to lose his pickaxe.

Herobrine stopped himself from flying and teleported his pickaxe back into his hand, before flying at me with lightning fast agility.

When he approached, I punched him several times, each one exploding on contact, before hurling him into the ground, burying him several metres down in the earth. Herobrine flew out of the hole and I reacted by making the terrain around us a flaming wasteland, with a wall of fire around every centimetre of it, making it impossible for Herobrine to escape without being incinerated on contact.

I then, surprisingly, summoned a legion of Kaītas and even Herobrine looked shocked, as each Kaīta I summoned was under my complete control... which was ironic as I had no control over myself. Herobrine fought of the Kaītas the best he could, however, he sustained a lot of injury.

*YES! YES! KILL HIM!* My mind screamed. I summoned one more entity, and this one surprised Herobrine greatly.

"KING WITHER?!" Herobrine exclaimed.

"WHO SUMMONED ME!!!" King Wither boomed, then he noticed Herobrine, "YOU!!! YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO FOLLOW MY ORDER—"

Then King Wither's eyes turned red much like mine did and I spoke through King Wither.

"Herobrine..." I said through King Wither, "Arrivederci."

King Wither, who was under my control then opened a Nether portal, and I flung both Herobrine and King Wither into it, then destroyed instantly... vaporizing them from reality, and getting them ultimately torn from the fabric of space. All that was left was the pickaxe Herobrine once wielded.

The walls of fire died down and the Kaītas vanished... but I wasn't finished. This newly attained power wasn't ready to dissipate. *I was ready to kill more.*

"LEMUR!!!" Thorn exclaimed.

I turned my head and noticed the others, who returned after witnessing the event from the distance, and with them was Galaxy.

"LEAVE ME ALONE!!!" I exclaimed as I exploded a fiery wave in all directions.

Thorn swung his axes and used razor winds to carve a hole into the fire wave in the nick of time before it incinerated them.

"WE HAVE TO KILL HIM!" Cyrus exclaimed.

"DIE!!!" I yelled as I fired a fireball at them. The fireball brutally burned Cyrus and Polar, leaving them unable to aid in the fight... then Galaxy was next to speak.

"LEMUR IT'S ME!!!" Galaxy screamed.

"JUST DIE ALREADY!!!" I yelled as another wave of fire expelled from me.

"We'll all die in this rate!" Thorn exclaimed to Galaxy, "Polar and Cyrus are gravely injured, and I don't know how much longer I can hold off these flames!!!"

Then Galaxy waved her scepter and said, "This was in emergencies only... I'm sorry I never told you."

Galaxy's appearance then rapidly changed from her blue attire to a godly white, and she looked like pure light and heaven. She then walked through the fires that I created, without getting burned, and said, "Lemur stop this at once!"

"NEVER!!!" I yelled as I hurled a wave of fire at Galaxy. Galaxy simply flicked her wrist and the wave dissipated into light. It appeared as if Galaxy could hear my thoughts as she charged up to me, transformed into her regular self and hugged me, and put her hand on my cheek, despite me being sweltering with heat, but she didn't burn.

"You aren't evil, you won't become Herobrine, and most importantly... I'm still here." Galaxy said, then she had kissed me.

This action had calmed me excruciatingly well, and a tear of magma streamed down my face as I reverted into my human form, and the fires once started by me dissipated into nothingness.

"You aren't a monster," Galaxy said, and she hugged me once more, "You killed Herobrine... you're a hero."

"Thanks..." I said softly, and with an immense amount of guilt behind it.

"Don't worry," Galaxy said, "I can fix this."

Galaxy then walked me to Polar and Cyrus and her hands glowed a soft white. She placed her hands over their burns and they instantly healed.

We went back to the Lapis Kingdom, speechless of what had exactly happened, and as we approached the gates, Galaxy had spoken.

"I channeled Achelois' soul into me, for those of you who are trying to figure out that whole situation. Along with her soul channeling, I can hear your thoughts, which is why I am saying this now. Lemur is not evil, nor will he ever be. What you have witnessed was a transcendency that both him and Kaīta could not control. What had happened is quite simple. He became the alpha Kaīta."

Everyone, including me, was shocked.

"And King Wither has died too. Lemur killed him along with Herobrine, thus ending any future creations of his. The way the throne works in the Nether is not by royal blood, but by who is the strongest. Since Lemur killed King Wither, that makes him King of the Nether."

Once again, we were shocked. *King of the Nether?! I'm a king!?*

"Yes Lemur, you are," Galaxy said, "And the Nether will comply to your commands."

"That's great and all," I started.

"You can appoint someone as a figurehead leader of the Nether, and you don't need to live there either."

"That's good."

"And the Nether already knows you are their new leader. How about giving them a telepathic message?"

"I can do that?"

Galaxy nodded and I managed to do it. I said:

*Hello Nether Kingdom. I am your new King. King Lemur. Now, my first decree is that you will be ruled by an appointed leader, who I have created in the throne room now, thus making him your new king. Don't take it harshly, I will still be your true king, but he will rule the Nether as a sublevel ruler. His name is King Kaīta, an embodiment of my demonic side. Thank you.*

"That was great," Galaxy said.

"Thanks," I replied.

"What did he say?" Thorn asked as we entered the kingdom.

"He said—"

Suddenly, what was behind the gates had took us on by surprise. There stood Yin, Yang and Grant, who looked distressed. *Oh no,* I thought, *what had happened?*





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/40) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/42)

