# Chapter 42: Běn Dé's Destruction
---

## Told by: Yang

When Lemur and his friends returned to the kingdom, I couldn't help but to feel much better.

"What happened?" Galaxy asked me.

And that's when I told them what had happened moments earlier.

...

**(A few hours earlier, Běn Dé Village)**

We had spent our days relaxing and tending to daily activities. Since the robots that threatened our existence had been eliminated, along with the one who was creating them. Everything was going great... until they came.

Flashes of magenta and cyan had appeared out of nowhere along with other beings that we recognized as the notorious Ender Corporation. Then, out from the magenta light, manifested the one we knew as Yohan who exclaimed, "Kill them all! Kill all the benders!!! Strip this place down to the ground it sits upon!"

We watched in horror as the cyan light shot upon the horizon and instantly killed the Earthbender, Leo, in a flash.

The Entity and Null had appeared next, blasting plasma and shadow rays at the buildings, reducing them to rubble.

We had then sprung into action. Yin went to take out the Entity and Null, while I tried to handle the rest... especially this mysterious flash of cyan.

I had used teleportation to make it to the flash of cyan light, and it had just killed Johnson the Waterbender.

"NO!" I yelled as I shot a beam of white light at the cyan one.

This mysterious light simply dodged the attack and manifested into its human form, and what I saw was shocking.

"JAKE!? WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?" I exclaimed.

The new speed teleporter was none other than Jake... the very person they had kidnapped long ago. Jake looked confused at my statement and yelled back, "My name isn't Jake, it's Adriano!!!"

Then Jake turned back into the cyan light and came at me. His attacks were strong, quick and fatal... if I were a living person that is. I had then known that we were battling in a losing match.

I exploded into a burst of blinding light and vanished from Jake's sight and went to get Yin. When I got there, I saw Yin fighting Lick, and he then used a move that I was all too familiar with. Yin swung his arm and a slash of shadows pierced through the masked person and just like that, he blinded Lick. Behind the sight, was Grant, firing fireballs continuously and near him, was Biyu... ripped apart by a plasmatic beam by the Entity.

"YIN!" I exclaimed, "WE HAVE TO EVACUATE!!!"

Yin turned to me and nodded.

"Grant, we have to go!" Yin said.

"No!" Grant replied, "I have to avenge my friends!"

Yin grabbed Grant in a lock and said, "I'm sorry, but we have to go... or else there will be nothing left."

Then Jake appeared behind us and that's when I yelled, "NOW!"

Just like that, I exploded once more in a blinding light, and Yin exploded in a burst of pitch darkness and we had escaped their evil intentions. We had teleported with Grant in our grasp, behind the gates of the Lapis Kingdom, and had witnessed the flaming pentagram in the sky, which had begun to fade.

"Was that Lemur!?!" Grant exclaimed.

"Oh no," Yin said, "Do you think his demon took over?"

"Unfortunately, I believe so," I said.

Then to our surprise, just as we were about to go bring Lemur back, they had arrived at the gates.

...

"So Běn Dé Village?" Lemur said.

"Destroyed," I replied.

"And—" Thorn started.

"Leo, Johnson, and Biyu are dead. We're all that's left," Yin said sympathetically.

The group appeared shaken that the last lines of Běn Dé Village's defenses have been decimated to just us.

"And you came to seek refuge here?" Polar asked.

I looked at Yin and Yin looked back.

"We know that you are preparing for a war against the Ender Corporation," I said.

"Wait really?" Grant asked.

"Yes," Galaxy replied.

"We do plan to seek refuge here," Yin added, "But not only that. We want to avenge the fallen... We are seeking alliance."

"There's not much of us," I continued, "But we'll help out however we can. We shall grant peace back to this world alongside the Lapis Kingdom!"

"Alright," Galaxy said, "Welcome to the allied force. It's an honour to have you on our side."

Lemur, who looked bothered, finally said, "You said Jake was there... killing you guys?"

I sighed and admitted, "Yes... It appears as if he doesn't remember. He claims to be Adriano, which could mean he's brainwashed... unfortunately, he's not on our side right now."

Lemur looked dismayed and Yin added, "But that doesn't mean we can't bring him back. We don't need to eliminate Jake. We could just capture him and try to bring him back."

"That would be difficult though," Thorn replied, "He can teleport."

"True..." Yin said sadly.

"Unfortunately Yin," I said, "the only way we could bring him back is either he remembers himself, or I can make direct contact with his head and use my powers to trigger his memories... both of which seem highly unlikely to occur."

"Does that mean—" Fredi started.

I nodded and said, "Yes... we may have no other choice. We might have to kill Jake."





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/41) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/43)

