# Chapter 43: Reoccurring Flashbacks
---

The Ender Corporation had returned to the base later that day, and Adriano had incurred some strange headache since the Běn Dé Village raid.

"Is something wrong?" Yohan said.

"I just have this headache, I'll be fine," Adriano said.

"Alright, just checking."

*Why did that light person call me Jake?* Adriano pondered to himself... then the headaches intensified, and Adriano yelped with pain. But these weren't any ordinary headaches, as right after the intensification happened, multiple visions struck Adriano with such a force that he didn't hear the outside world... only what his brain was playing to him... and suddenly, after a good minute, the pain subsided and the visions stopped.

"Adriano!" Yohan yelled at Adriano's side.

"Why are you yelling?!" Adriano replied.

"I called out your name at least four times before I raised my voice. Are you alright? Do I need to get a doctor to check on you?"

"No no, I'm good," Adriano answered.

Adriano's head throbbed once more and suddenly, everything clicked into place in Adriano's mind as Yohan began to walk away. I'm not Adriano. I'm Jake. These aren't the heroes; these are the villains. I was kidnapped by Yohan. Then Jake realized. *I'm their new asset to the team. I could gather intel on all of the enemies, and their plans. Yohan said something about a master plan, so I better figure that out, then report it back.*

Jake looked at his left hand and ripped off his index finger when Yohan wasn't watching, and his finger was truly a robotic prosthetic. *Thank the gods I found out Harris was a crazy smart inventor, or else I would've been a four fingered freak, and I wouldn't have had such a great opportunity.*

Jake stuck on his finger again and flipped the nail upwards, and underneath the realistic nail was a very small microphone. *I really hope this works.* Jake then pushed his fingernail back in place and Yohan had came over... but luckily Jake wasn't caught.

"Sorry Adriano, I almost forgot to mention," Yohan said, "Get ready for tomorrow. We'll be executing the master plan."

"Oh, alright Yohan." Jake said, "May I ask what the master plan is?"

Yohan seemed reluctant at first, but when he remembered his shortening life span, he thought to tell Jake, just in case if he didn't get the chance to even see tomorrow.

"Alright, I'm going to tell all of you this then."

Yohan gathered up the rest of the Ender Corporation and had us lined up like soldiers.

"Alright, so tomorrow we'll be executing the master plan. Here's what will happen. We'll be first striking Lapis Kingdom, and then we'll circle around back to the base. Along the way back, we'll be taking Stone Kingdom, as Herobrine had successfully killed the entire kingdom with zombies."

"Wait Master Yohan," the Entity said, "Sorry to interrupt, but I wanted to inform you that Herobrine... is dead..."

*Herobrine, is dead?* Jake thought.

Everybody sounded shocked and Yohan simply said, "Oh pity. Herobrine had died. He would've died if he came back, may I remind you, so that doesn't matter any more."

"Right," the Entity replied, "Carry on Master."

"Anyhow," Yohan started, "After we take Stone Kingdom, we'll continue our siege on the Polar Kingdom. After that, all our focus will be on the forest behind Stone Kingdom. I suspect that's where those women and children had gone to from that village we raided. There were a lot of survivors, and we can't risk it. Got it!?"

"Yes sir!" shouted the Ender Corporation.

"Alright good! Now get a good night's sleep." Yohan replied.

Everyone left except for Jake.

"Are you going to bed Adriano?" Yohan asked.

Jake shook his head and said, "Not yet Yohan, if that's alright. I just want to train more so I feel like I'm going to give it my all."

"Alright, but don't forget to sleep." Yohan said before he left to go inside, "And don't go far! We won't want to lose you!"

"Ok!"

When Yohan was gone, Jake felt the penetrating glare that someone was watching him from inside, so he did train for a while before taking a mad dash to a nearby tree and destroying it... then he felt the glare go away.

*Now's my chance.*

...

**(Meanwhile that night, at Lapis Kingdom. Harris' Secret Lab; Basement of Harris' House)**

Harris had been hard at work, implementing these technological ideas that came to him in his dreams. *These dreams are telling me things that will help the future,* Harris thought.

Harris then held out some handled weapon, with a tube on the end, and at the handle side, was a box that held some wires, green boards with gold etching and weird glass balls. *I hope this works.*

Harris then pulled the trigger and out from the tube shot a light blue laser beam, that burned a hole right through the paper he had strapped out in front of him.

"Success!!!" Harris exclaimed happily.

Harris had successfully built a laser gun, when suddenly, a computer he invented in the basement started beeping loudly. Harris rushed to the computer and on the screen, it said PRO-56.

Harris tapped the accept button on the screen and out came a familiar voice, only they whispered instead of speaking out loud.

"Harris? This is Jake, is this thing working?"

Harris then pressed a button on his computer and said, "Yes Jake, it is. Though I heard you aided the Ender Corporation with the Běn Dé Village raid. How do I know this is really you?"

Jake sighed and replied, "I apologize for that. They had me brainwashed, and I just remembered everything recently. I'm Jake I promise. I called to tell you something important."

"Which is?"

"The Ender Corporation's Master Plan."

Harris was astonished. "They have a master plan?"

"Indeed, they do," Jake replied, "And it starts with Lapis Kingdom's destruction."

Jake then told Harris everything about the plan.

"When is this happening?" Harris asked.

"Tomorrow at noon," Jake replied, "Listen Harris. I can't come over there just yet. I got a master plan of my own, but it involves me pretending to be their minion for a little longer. You're going to have to warn everybody. Alright I got to go."

"Bye."

Harris got up from the basement of his house with a tape recorder that kept what Jake said and woke up Princess Galaxy, Princess Snowblossom, Lemur and Thorn... then replayed the footage. After the tape was finished playing, everyone looked as white as a ghost.

"This isn't good!" Snowblossom exclaimed, "I'll go rally the troops at Polar Kingdom to come here—"

"Wait," Thorn said, "Yohan could've told them a lie. Just prepare your troops there and at Lapis Kingdom, in case a change in plans is made. Warn them."

"Alright Thorn," Snowblossom said as she left.

"I'll go warn Queen Scarlet in Stone Kingdom!" Galaxy exclaimed as she left for Stone Kingdom.

"And I guess that leaves us watching over this kingdom!" Lemur and Thorn exclaimed.

...

Galaxy had made it to the Stone Kingdom and gathered Queen Scarlet, Jay, Nico and Skylar in the royal hall.

"What is it Princess?" Scarlet said sleepily.

"The war is starting tomorrow at noon," Galaxy said.

Everyone suddenly woke up from their dazed mentality and Skylar exclaimed, "That soon!?"

Galaxy nodded her head in approval and said, "Have your troops prepared for nine tomorrow morning to defend Stone Kingdom and Lapis. I have to go back to the Lapis Kin—"

"Wait Princess Galaxy!!!" Scarlet exclaimed.

Galaxy stopped in her tracks and looked at Queen Scarlet.

"What is it?"

"There's something we need to show you," Scarlet said.





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/42) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/44)

