# Chapter 44: The Forest Kingdom
---

## Told by: Galaxy

"Where are you taking me?!" I exclaimed as Scarlet, Jay, Nico and Skylar ran through the dark and gloomy woods.

"You'll see, just stay quiet," Skylar said.

"Is it here?" Jay asked.

"Yes, I think it is." Nico answered.

"We are asking to be in the presence of Princess Juniper!!!" Scarlet exclaimed, "Princess Juniper, please!!!"

"Princess Juniper?" I asked, "Have you guys lost your mind?! There's no one here!"

Then suddenly, a bunch of spears were pointed at us all, from all directions.

"Didn't we tell you we didn't want any more visitors?!"

Princess Juniper descended, down a vine and landed in between us all.

"I should kill you all right here and now."

"No Princess Juniper please, ruler to ruler," Scarlet said.

Juniper looked flustered and said, "Take them all up."

Suddenly the people from the vines grabbed us all and we flew into the canopy of the forest, where several treehouses and stands were miraculously visible.

"This better be good." Juniper said.

"We've come baring news," Nico said, "And we brought Princess Galaxy of the Lapis Kingdom with us."

Juniper threw a knife within millimetres of Nico's face, which caused him to yelp suddenly.

"Didn't I say I didn't want anything to do with the Lapis Kingdom!"

"Well yes," Scarlet said, "But."

"No buts!" Juniper exclaimed.

"They're coming for you!" I quickly exclaimed.

Juniper stopped and looked at me with a murderous expression.

"What did you say?!"

"Listen just hear me out, then decide. We've got intel that the Ender Corporation is coming to wipe out all the kingdoms... and then investigate the forest here for you people I presume."

Several gasps and shocked sounds echoed through the forest, along with gossips.

"Stop it!" Jupiter exclaimed.

The forest then fell silent again.

"Why should I not kill you right now?" Juniper asked me.

"We have an army!" I replied, "We've allied with two other kingdoms. The Polar and Stone Kingdom and have aiding forces from Běn Dé Village. Their village was destroyed recently and they're coming for us."

"It's true," Skylar said, "We're housing some of those very troops at our kingdom right now and I can assure you that Princess Galaxy is being honest at heart!"

Juniper paced back and forth, mumbling to herself, then came back at me.

"How sure are you in defeating them?"

"We have very great chances, I assure you," I replied.

"What makes you say that?"

"Well... wait, we successfully killed Herobrine!"

Everyone gasped once more, and Juniper replied, "Do you have proof?"

"Ummm... not really... Herobrine was vaporized."

"There was the pentagram!" Nico said, "That flaming symbol in the sky! You must've seen that! That was Lemur! A civilian of Lapis Kingdom!"

"We did see a symbol!" Cynthia exclaimed.

"And we did see some fiery person kill Herobrine!" Serena added.

"You can't tie that fiery person with the Lapis Kingdom's doing!" Juniper said, "Not unless you have them here!"

"I can get him here. Let me just—"

"NO!" Juniper exclaimed, "Listen Galaxy, it's nice meeting you, but you cannot just go waltzing about knowing of us!"

"But, how am I?" I said, then it hit me, "Can I have my scepter? You surely have enough people here to take me down if I did something sinister with it, so you could kill me off easily."

Juniper sighed as the logic I presented was well executed.

"Fine, give her the scepter, though I don't know how that will help you with your problem."

I held my scepter tightly and thought, *Lemur, hear my distress message please. Come to the sound of my voice.*

"Alright, he should be coming soon."

"What makes you say that?!" Juniper asked.

"THE PENTAGRAM IS IN THE SKY AGAIN!!!" screamed a random civilian of the Forest Kingdom.

"We're seeing the fiery person coming at us full speed!" Serena shouted.

*WAIT LEMUR!!! I'M NOT HURT, DON'T COME BLAZING THIS FOREST. I NEED YOU TO COME FOR PROOF!*

"Wait, now it stopped." Serena said, "now it's coming closer, but much slower."

Then Lemur had floated above the place where I was and I shouted, "Lemur!"

Lemur then floated gently down to where I was, and I hugged him back into his regular human self.

"What's the meaning of this!?" Juniper said, "Did you summon him!?"

"Yes," I replied, "Lemur, introduce yourself please."

"I am Lemur Kolachnik, of Lapis Kingdom, and you are?"

Everyone appeared shocked as Lemur had proven my previous statements and Juniper said, "I am Princess Juniper."

"Princess?" Lemur replied, then bowed, "I apologize for causing any alarm or rudeness towards you! Please forgive me!"

Juniper couldn't help but to chuckle and I laughed amicably at Lemur too.

"Lemur, did you kill Herobrine?" Juniper asked.

Lemur was quiet at first and said, "Yes... I did."

The tension in the air was so thick, you could cut it with a knife... then Juniper swung an arm out with an open hand towards me.

"Princess Galaxy, if you promise me that we will get our revenge on them, after they killed our beloved people, then we shall be your allies."

I reached out to shake Juniper's hand and I said, "I promise."

"Alright, we have officially made our alliance," Juniper said, "Alright guys! You can come out!"

Suddenly a large amount of rustling came from the trees and numerous amounts of people, mainly women, came from the trees... and it wasn't before long that we were surrounded by several armed, masterfully trained assassins.

"This is our brethren, go on, say hello," Juniper said.

I was struck by how many people were there, and said, "Hi?"

Juniper laughed a ferocious laugh, and the crowd of people cheered in hopes of finally bringing karma to the ones that brought harm to their men... and ultimately, taking a stand to honour them.





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/43) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/45)

