# Chapter 45: Wage the Ender War
---

## Told by: Lemur

That night, Harris had given Queen Scarlet, Princess Snowblossom, and Princess Galaxy (and Princess Juniper, who received one from Galaxy later, along with the instructions on how to use it) a stick shaped metal object and taught them how to use it to relay information back to him.

"Twist the top of the stick to the left, and it'll send a 0 to my computer. This will mean that they haven't been spotted yet."

All of the royalty twisted their sticks to the left, and three 0's appeared on screen, with different colours on them, indicating which kingdom it is.

"Twist to the right, and it'll change it to a 1. This means that you have spotted them, but they haven't engaged in combat. Press the button on top and it'll alert my computer, along with the other kingdoms that combat has been engaged at your kingdom."

By nine in the morning, all the kingdoms have awakened and prepared themselves for the impending war against the Ender Corporation. Jake had informed Harris earlier this morning that the master plan is still following along the same lines as last night, which is promising news, but all the allied kingdoms still have troops stationed at their respective kingdoms as a precaution. Harris' computer also had four 0's on the computer, which indicated that everything on the communications aspect has been successful.

"So, how is this war going to start exactly?" I asked Galaxy.

"Hmmm," Galaxy replied, "I think it's best if we stationed our troops outside the walls. Our long-ranged troops can attack from atop the walls. This would be to protect the homes and give us more of an advantage. Reinforcements can access us quicker."

"True, but that would leave our troops out in the open."

"Just trust me on this Lemur," Galaxy replied.

By eleven in the morning, Harris was informed that the Ender Corporation is on their way to the Lapis Kingdom, so it was by then that we prepared our troops outside the walls. Harris was also informed that Jake can't talk any longer without blowing his cover, so we were left in the dark in a sense, as we won't learn any new plans that they come up with in the next hour.

"Do you think they're coming?" Thorn asked me.

"I'm sure of it," I answered, "If Jake remembers us and about that prosthetic that even we didn't know about, I'm sure he's not lying."

"No, not that... Do you think they're coming for us first? Lapis Kingdom?"

I thought for a while, but then Harris had spoken up.

"Polar Kingdom has changed to 1! They're on their way!"

Within thirty minutes, the Forest and Stone Kingdoms have also changed to 1 meaning that they were spotted and were coming without engaging combat.

And then... fifteen minutes passed, and Galaxy twisted her metal stick to the right, indicating they were within view of us... and indeed they were, along with their legions of skeletons, shadow people, and explosive entities.

"What's this!?" Yohan exclaimed.

"Listen Yohan," Galaxy yelled back, "We expected you to come after Herobrine tried to attack us and told us about your plan!"

Yohan fumed and punched his fist into his hand, and yelled, "THAT BLASTED FOOL!"

"It's over," I said, "Just admit defeat and we won't need to get messy with it."

Silence swept over the sight, before the entire Ender Corporation laughed, including Jake (who had to play along).

"You think you have a chance against all of us?!" Yohan exclaimed, "You're blowing smoke!"

"Perhaps," Polar said, "but we're all going to stand for our kingdom. We will die for our home! Nothing can change that!"

Yohan paced back and forth and finally said, "Oh pity. Well that's rather unfortunate... because that's a lot of dead people!"

And Galaxy pressed the button on top of the metal stick... and followed by that... the roars of battle.





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/44) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/46)

