# Chapter 46: The Ender War
---

## Told by: Several People Involved in the War

Almost as instantly as the roars of battle began, Jake use speed teleportation and instantly killed off Hyperphase and Lick, by phasing their heads from the fabric of space and rephasing without the heads... decapitating two of the notorious members of the Ender Corporation, killing them on spot.

"WHAT'S THE MEANING OF THIS ADRIANO!?!?" Yohan exclaimed.

Jake turned and smiled, "The name is Jake, and you've been crossed."

Jake and Yohan then fought it out, speed teleporter versus speed teleporter while the rest of us went along and attacked the remaining villains along with their legions.

Lemur had transformed into my Alpha Kaīta, causing the familiar lightshow in the sky, and began summoning his Kaīta legion, along with waves of fire to burn out the Ender Corporation's armies. Thorn activated his berserk mode and sent waves of razor wind at the legions of skeletons, cleaving their bones down to nothing. Galaxy shot several moon beams at the armies, but due to her precise attacks, was getting quickly overwhelmed along with Harris, who had brought his laser gun into the battle... when suddenly, the foe surrounding them froze. It was Lucinda! The other kingdoms had arrived and started attacking the Ender Corporation from both fronts. Lucinda, Galaxy and Harris fought alongside each other, like an unstoppable trio.

Fredi and Polar used their newly found bending skills as a cohesive team up against Null and the Entity, with Fredi making several walls and barricades, and Polar sending daggers of ice at the enemy. The entire Forest Kingdom came in, attacking with their bows, arrows and spears... among them was Princess Juniper, firing three arrows at a time, never missing once. Juniper then vaulted over her brethren and found Sarryth.

Juniper lunged with her knife, slicing into Sarryth's arm, and Sarryth reacted by turning the ground beneath her to quicksand. Instinctively, Juniper jumped at the nick of time, and grabbed Sarryth by the shoulders and flung him across the battlefield. She then lunged both of her spears into Sarryth's shoulders, nailing him to the ground.

"YOU!" Juniper yelled over his body, "It was YOU that killed him! BLOWN HIM TO BITS!!! THIS IS GOING TO BE FUN!"
Juniper began stabbing Sarryth in the head and chest cavity with her knives and ended the bloodlust rage by snapping his neck... however, instead of causing the explosive entities to disappear, it caused them to explode.

Several people died in that instant, which led to a tight offset in the favours of who's winning. Lemur then turned the terrain to fire that only burned the enemies, and not the allies, and Galaxy had caught up to him in sometime.

"You've been practicing those powers of yours, haven't you?!" Galaxy exclaimed.

Lemur smiled and said, "Why yes we have. Daily and nightly. Couldn't risk losing it on the battlefield."

Lemur and Galaxy then gave each other a quick kiss before resuming to the war.

Jake then slammed Yohan into the ground and exited speed teleportation, along with Yohan.

"When did you remember?!" Yohan chuckled.

"Just yesterday," Jake replied, then Yohan took Jake on by surprise, speed teleported, and flung Jake into the front wall of Lapis Kingdom with such a force, that the wall cracked up in all directions. Yohan then used speed teleportation and gathered all the royalty into one place and exclaimed, "THAT'S IT!!! WE'RE ENDING IT!!!"

Everyone stopped as they learned that Yohan had Princess Galaxy, Princess Snowblossom, Warrior Princess Juniper, and Queen Scarlet gathered in the centre of the field, all held within killing distance.

"EITHER YOU ALL CONFORM TO US OR ALL OF YOUR PRECIOUS LEADERS DIE!!!" Yohan exclaimed.

Lemur then began to rage. *Not Galaxy, No... NO... NO!!!*

As Lemur began to fly up to Yohan and as Yohan was about to kill off all the royalty, an explosion of purple appeared in the ground just in front of them, followed by a portal opening up to what looked like space, stopping them both in their tracks... and what emerged from it... was a winged person, with pink hair, and glowing magenta eyes, who had Yohan in her grasp.

"QUEEN ENDER!?!" Yohan exclaimed with an immense amount of fear in his voice.

"Queen Ender?!" the Entity and Null echoed... then they vanished on the spot, abandoning the shadow people, skeletons, Yohan, and the war instantly.

"You," the winged person, named Queen Ender, said, "You disgraced the End Kingdom forever more!"

"PLEASE NO, I'M BEGGING YOU!" Yohan begged, "I DIDN'T MEAN TO DISGRACE THE END, I JUST WANTED POWER!"

Queen Ender sighed and noticed some of the Ender Corporation legions trying to flee.

"I didn't say you can leave either!" Queen Ender yelled as she fired red orbs from thin air around the entire group, making a wall of fire, "And you, you wanted to thieve power from us, which makes you all the most disgraceful!"

"NO PLEASE!" Yohan cowered.

"ENOUGH!" Queen Ender exclaimed, "Your time is now!"

Then the entire audience watched in horror as Yohan's condition accelerated to such a degree that his entire body had blackened and turned to ash.

"Now BEGONE!!!" Queen Ender shouted as she fired orange and red orbs at the Ender Corporation's army, exploding and incinerating them to nothingness.

And just like that, the war was ended.





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/45) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/46)

