# Chapter 47: The Lapis Union
---

## Told by: Lemur

Queen Ender landed on the fiery terrain, and I quickly ended the fire terrain, so I didn't burn or anger this overpowered queen. The Queen noticed me and laughed as she retracted her wings and she just looked like any normal human being.

"Sorry if that Yohan fellow caused you any trouble," Queen Ender said, "He wasn't in any way involved with us or our kingdom so do know that we didn't send him to cause an onslaught on the Overworld. Let me introduce myself formally, I am Queen Ender, of the End Kingdom... Located in The End, and all that fun stuff. I see I am in the presence of other royalty as well, so I'd like to apologize and ask of you to excuse my actions. The End Kingdom couldn't take another ounce of Yohan tarnishing our name."

Queen Ender then curtsied, and I had gathered up with the royalty, where Queen Ender swung out her arm and said, "Are handshakes a thing here?"

We all laughed and shook hands with the Ender Queen, and then she continued, "Princess Galaxy of Lapis Kingdom, Princess Snowblossom of Polar Kingdom, Queen Scarlet of Stone Kingdom, Warrior Princess Juniper of Forest Kingdom and finally King Lemur of Nether Kingdom, and yes, I am aware of the figurehead you have ruling for you Lemur. I have come to aid you in defeating the Ender Corporation, for they have given The End a bad name, and we understand that you fought for your kingdoms valiantly against the evil that threatened it... but that's not all I came for."

"Oh?" Galaxy said.

Queen Ender then got distracted when she spotted Thorn and said, "You there, Thorn is it? Those axes belong to The End."

"Oh, sorry, I just found them in my old house back then and used them to fight off zombies, please forgive me I didn't—"

"I want you to keep them," Queen Ender stated, "I'm making you, Thorn, an official Ender Warrior, who will fight for both our world, and the Overworld. Make your Kingdoms proud!"

Queen Ender then shot a purple orb into Thorn, and Thorn glowed purple for a split second, before reverting to Thorn was utterly starstruck.

"Thanks!" Thorn said, "But may I ask what you just did to me?"

"You're immune to the End Biological Weapons now."

"Biological Weapons?" I asked.

"Those airborne diseases we deployed so scoundrels like Yohan couldn't exist... though we didn't expect it to give the infected powers, which we apologize for."

"Ah. No worries, Yohan died in the end, didn't he?"

"Indeed."

"And you were saying Queen Ender?" Galaxy asked politely.

"Oh right, we also came in hopes of seeking an alliance. We won't be able to come to every meeting your kingdoms will have, but we'll be there as a last resort... though you probably wouldn't even need much use for us with the Nether King on your side."

"No no, it's alright," I said.

"We would love to make an alliance with you!" Galaxy said, "In fact."

...

The royalty gathered within the Lapis Royal Hall and Galaxy continued.

"I was considering, if it's all in our best interest, to give our allied forces a name. Like, we'll still be known for our respective kingdoms, but like, call our united kingdoms something."

"Why not that?" I suggested, "The United Kingdoms?"

The room went silent and I added, "Or not..."

"Well, no Lemur, that was a good name," Galaxy encouraged, "But I was thinking of something... different. The Lapis Union."

A bunch of chatter flooded between the royalty and it had been decided. Due to the Lapis Kingdom's initial involvement with the war, and successful win, the united kingdoms will be called 'The Lapis Union.'





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/46) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/48)

