# Chapter 48: The Cherished Secret
---

## Told by: Lemur

**(1 Year Since the Ender War)**

I stood upon the balcony of my house within the royal sectors of the Lapis Kingdom and breathed in the cool air that flowed serenely in the night. Clusters of stars twinkled and shone their luminous light and the moon glowed a vast silver upon the sombre horizon. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw my guests finally arriving within my house and they joined me on the balcony.

"Sure is a great night isn't it?" Thorn said.

"It sure is," I said, "It's hard to believe that a year ago, an enormous war happened here."

"Indeed," Harris said.

"So, what did you bring us here for?" Polar asked.

"Ah right," I said as I turned to face my friends, "Come on into the living room."

We walked to the living room and I finally let the secret out.

"I love Galaxy," I said, "I've loved her for quite some time, and she loves me."

"Bruh, that isn't a secret," Thorn replied, "It was obvious!"

Everyone laughed, including me and I said, "Well I guess that secret wasn't well kept. Anyhow, this is what I wanted to say. I'm considering... on proposing to her tonight."

Everyone gasped and then cheered, and Thorn embraced me in a head lock with one arm.

"Lemur going to get married!" Thorn exclaimed.

"Well congratulations and good luck with that!" Polar said happily.

"Go for it!" Harris said cheerfully.

"Alright, I will! Thanks guys!" I exclaimed.

...

I had met up with Galaxy within the castle and brought her to the balcony to look at the stars above.

"You were right Lemur!" Galaxy exclaimed, "This night is truly mesmerizing."

I felt shaky, and my palms were sweaty, my knees felt weak and my arms were heavy, and I decided, I was ready.

"Yes, this night is beautiful, but not as beautiful as you," I said as I got on one knee.

Galaxy turned and gasped as I pulled out the box that held the ring.

"Galaxy, no star out in this universe can ever be as beautiful as you. You are the light of my life, like the moon to the stars. So, I hope that the wish I make to my star will come true. Galaxy, will you marry me?"

Galaxy started crying tears of joy and said, "Yes! A million times yes!"





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/47) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/49)

