# Chapter 49: The Royal Wedding
---

## Told by: Lemur

**(1 Year Since Lemur's Proposal, within the Lapis Kingdom Ballroom)**

"Alright, please be seated," said Cyrus who was dressed in minister attire.

The crowd in the ballroom had then taken their seats, and Cyrus began the speech:

"We gather here to unite these two people in marriage. Their decision to marry has not been entered into lightly and today they publicly declare their private devotion to each other. The essence of this commitment is the acceptance of each other in entirety, as lover, companion, and friend. A good and balanced relationship is one in which neither person is overpowered nor absorbed by the other, one in which neither person is possessive of the other, one in which both give their love freely and without jealousy.

Marriage, ideally, is a sharing of responsibilities, hopes, and dreams. It takes a special effort to grow together, survive hard times, and be loving and unselfish.

Do you both pledge to share your lives openly with one another, and to speak the truth in love?"

"We do," Galaxy and I said, then Cyrus continued.

"Do you promise to honor and tenderly care for one another, cherish and encourage each other, stand together, through sorrows and joys, hardships and triumphs for all the days of your lives?"

"We do."

"Do you pledge to share your love and the joys of your marriage with all those around you, so that they may learn from your love and be encouraged to grow in their own lives?"

"We do."

Then, Jake, who was wearing a tuxedo, gave the rings to Galaxy and me.

"May these rings be blessed as a symbol of your union. As often as either of you look upon these rings, may you not only be reminded of this moment, but also of the vows you have made and the strength of your commitment to each other." Cyrus said, then continued.

"Lemur, please repeat after me... I Lemur, promise to love and support you Prin—"

"Don't worry Cyrus," Galaxy said suddenly, "This is a special day. You may refer to me by my first name."

"Alright," Cyrus said,

"Lemur, please repeat after me... I Lemur, promise to love and support you Lillian and live each day with kindness, understanding, truth, humor, and passion. With this ring I thee wed."

I repeated what Cyrus had told me to repeat, while putting the ring on Galaxy and then Cyrus continued.

"Lillian, please repeat after me... I Lillian, promise to love and support you Lemur and live each day with kindness, understanding, truth, humor, and passion. With this ring I thee wed."

Lillian had too repeated Cyrus, while putting the ring on me, and Cyrus continued.

"Go now in peace and live in love, sharing the most precious gifts you have the gifts of your lives united. And may your days be long on this earth. I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the—"

Suddenly, a racket came from the audience as the doors to the ball room flew wide open, and standing there, was a translucent blue, but familiar figure.

"HOLD ON NOW!" Herobrine said, "I OBJECT!!!"

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/48) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/epilogue)

