# Chapter 5: The Capture
---

## Told by: Lemur

We were well on our way to Thorn's village. The travel there wasn't too long and the trip was surprisingly quiet. There seemed to be no undead, flesh-eating monsters. *Thorn wasn't kidding when he said that he was killing off the last of the mega horde. There isn't a zombie in sight,* I thought.
"Ok, it's just over this hill!" Thorn said.

When we made it over the hill, we all gasped. The village that Thorn occupied was now a pile of rubble and fire. Thorn and Derek appeared more worried than me, however, we all ran down to the village remains, to find any survivors or better, the one who did this. There were some mangled bodies of occupants, but not as many as I thought.
*Maybe the houses or the villagers were targeted by, I would guess a bombing. It would clarify the large amount of destruction and the missing bodies.*
As I turned to a destroyed alleyway, I found one. I found an occupant that was just barely clinging onto dear life.
"Hey guys, I found a survivor!" I yelled.
Thorn and Derek came running to my location to see the survivor. Derek seemed very uneasy when he saw the villager, as if he were about to explode with anger or cry out a river. "Who are you?" Thorn asked the survivor.
The survivor appeared unresponsive to Thorn's question, but when he looked around and saw Derek, he started speaking.
"Derek... Is that you? It's me, Darrel." said the survivor.
I turned to Derek because I found it strange how this villager knew his name. Thorn also turned to Derek for, I presume, the same reason as I. It was at this point, that Derek started asking questions.
"What happened? Who did this to you?" Derek asked.
"Explosions... Many explosions... They were different though... Silent... They were silent..." Darrel said weakly.
"Who did this!!!" Thorn yelled.
Then, all of a sudden, a robotic humanoid fell from the sky and smashed Darrel's head in, killing him instantly.
"That would be me." It said, in a raspy, robotic voice. The robot appeared as if it came straight out of a sci-fi film. Even though it's eyes were nothing but a visor with a green laser-like display, it still felt like it was giving off a deathly glare.
"Who are you!" Derek yelled.
*This must really be getting serious for Derek, that's the first time I've ever heard him yell.*
"Titanitro is my name, and explosives are my game," said the robot, as it made a bomb out of thin air in it's hand, "want to play?"

Titanitro then threw the bomb at us! It was beeping, and it was slowly accelerating. "RUN!" Thorn yelled. So we ran away from the mysterious robot, when all of a sudden, I felt something grab my neck, pressing on my wind pipe. "Guys! Help me!" I managed to get out of my mouth. Thorn and Derek turned and yelled, "Lemur!

They ran towards me when all of a sudden...
**Beep! BOOM!**
The bomb had blown up, bringing a ringing noise to my ears and I felt blood trickle out of them. In the cloud of dust, I saw Thorn and Derek lying on the ground... Then I passed out with the robot still in my grasp.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/4) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/6)

