# Chapter 6: The Princess
---

## Told by: Lemur

I woke up on the cold ground of a dark prison cell. I looked around to see if there was an exit, when all of a sudden, "Don't even bother, I've already looked. This place is built stronger than bedrock."
Then, a young woman came out of the shadows. She was blonde with light blue eyes. She had a shirt on that matched her eyes, along with white pants and a glittery cape. She took a couple steps towards me and reached for my hand. "My name's Lillian Galaxy, but please, just call me G... Or Galaxy. What's yours?"

I shook her hand and said, "I'm Lemur, where are we?"
She shrugged her shoulders and said, "I don't know, that creepy thing brought us here."
Then it hit me. "Where's my stick!?"
Galaxy laughed at that remark, until she realized I was being serious and said, "The creepy thing took our weapons and hid them in here... So if your stick was a weapon, then it would be where my scepter is."
"Wait, a scepter?" I replied.
"Oh, I forgot to mention, I am the princess of Lapis Kingdom."
That surprised me. I didn't know that royalty existed in this corrupted world.
"We have to get out of here."
I grabbed onto two of the metal bars on the door of the cell and tried to bent them apart. "They won't budge!" I said.
Galaxy then laughed and said, "Did you actually think that you were strong enough to do bend those bars!"
That really bothered me, so I replied, "Well at least I'm trying to escape!"
Galaxy looked at me with a surprised look on her face. *Oh no, I forgot that she's a princess.*
"Wow, you talked back to me... That takes guts, maybe you aren't as bad as I thought."
Galaxy then jokingly punched me in the shoulder. I winced of course, because she had a powerful punch. "Holy! You really need to become stronger, or else you'll never survive! I swear you are just skin and bone and no muscle... No offense." Galaxy said.
I looked around again and saw on the wall across from our cell, a device. *That must be the controls for the cell doors! If I can just hit the button, but I'm here, and the device is way over there... I'll need to hit it with a projectile.*
I patted myself down and couldn't find a single thing that I can throw at the button.
"What are you doing?" Galaxy asked.
"I need something to throw at that button. It could be our ticket out of here. " I replied.

Then all of a sudden... "Guards! Breach at the main doors! Take care of it!" boomed a speaker.
Moments later, guards started running by our cell and towards the main entrance. *That must be Thorn and Derek. They're here to rescue me.* Galaxy tapped my shoulder and when I turned around, I jumped when she was holding the skull that belonged to a skeleton. "Use this... This was from a prisoner here, who passed away and decomposed in this cell. They couldn't take him out, because I could've escaped, so they left him in here."
I thought that was disgusting, then I wondered just how long was she in here for? Despite the grossness, I grabbed the skull and aimed at the button. Then the voice came back louder, saying, "You'll mess up, don't mess up."
I was getting angry at this voice, so I launched the skull at the button, and I threw it with such a force, that the skull shattered and it's bone shrapnel went all over. Then, the doors to the prison cell opened. "Come on, I think I have a clue to where the weapons are." Galaxy whispered. So I followed her lead, down the dark corridors of the mysterious lair of Titanitro.

## Told by: Thorn

**(Before Lemur and Galaxy Escaped)**

I got up from the ground, with my head aching and my ears ringing. "Derek, are you okay!?" I yelled.

I turned around and saw Derek on his knees. "Derek!?" I said as I limped over to his side. All of a sudden... "You!!!" Derek yelled as he unsheathed his sword and swung it towards my face. I quickly dodged it and said, "What are you doing!?"
He chuckled grimly, smirked, and said, "Avenging the fallen."
He swung his sword again, and I clashed my axes against the blade, flinging us away from each other.
"What did I do!?!" I yelled angrily.

"You took everyone I loved away from me, and now, you'll pay for your wrongdoings."
He ran at me and his sword grew two, maybe even three times it's original size and did three large, graceful swoops at me. He just grazed my face and I pushed him away with my foot.
"What do you mean!?" I yelled.

"Your family took mine away from me! You guys killed them, Leroy, Winston, and now Darrel!"

He sprinted at me again and stabbed his sword into the ground, and spun around, kicking me with such a force that I flew a couple of feet.
"I don't know who your family was, didn't know Leroy, Darrel was killed, and Winston was killed by the Man in Black!" I yelled, "How do you even know me?"

"I lived in this village!" Derek yelled, "And those axes you are wielding are my uncles!!!"

He charged at me and nearly stabbed me with his sword.  *Oh no,* I thought, *what has my father done?*
"And I'll let you know that the Man in Black didn't kill Winston!" Derek yelled.
"And how would you know that?" I asked as I blocked Derek's attack with my axes.

"Because I am the Man in Black!" Derek yelled, as he ripped his farming robe off and the black robe fluttered underneath.
I'm screwed. The Man in Black... *I wanted to see him again, but I didn't mean to meet him as his opponent!*
"I didn't know! I'm sorry!" I yelled.

"You better be, because your father killed Winston!"

*I got to stop him, before he kills me. At this rate, he will outdo me soon, and probably wear my fingers as a trinket. But how? How?* Then it came to me.
"Derek! Stop this! Lemur is in trouble!" I yelled.

"Lemur can wait, I need to avenge them now!" Derek said, as he sprinted at me again.

"Ok then," I said, as I put my arms out and dropped my axes, "kill me now, anything to make sure Lemur is saved."

He continued to sprint at me, with the face of a gladiator, and his sword ready to slice right through me. *This is where my story ends... I am going to die for my father's murderous actions. I am going to die.*

## Told by: Derek

*Finally, I am going to avenge you Leroy, Winston, Mother and Father!* I thought as I ran at the defenseless Thorn. Then, all of a sudden, my sword screamed at me.
***Derek, don't do this! If you kill this unarmed person who didn't have anything to do with our death, you'll be as bad as Drake himself!***

That stopped me in my tracks. *He's right. Winston was killed and he had nothing to do with the Man in Black, or at least, not to Drake's knowledge. What am I doing?* I looked at Thorn, who appeared scared, but brave, even though he could die. I shrunk my sword and sheathed it again and said, "Get up."
Thorn looked at me as if I had three heads. He picked up his axes as well. "You're not going to kill me?" Thorn asked.

"No, I realized my mistake... We have to rescue Lemur!" I replied.
"Now we're talking! Sorry for everything."

"No, you shouldn't be, it was your father that should apologize, but I accept your apology. Where would Titanitro be?"

"I don't know," Thorn said, "I remember seeing him fly towards the forest, so let's check there!"

I agreed and we went out and into the forest. About a couple hours later, we found it! It was a massive base, with high technology all over, and the door appeared to be locked by a passcode. "Ok, let's start with--" I started, then Thorn swung his axe into the keypad, and the door opened. "Or, we could use the spare key." Thorn joked. So, we entered the main entrance and everything seemed quiet, when all of a sudden, "Guards! Breach at the main doors! Take care of it!" boomed a speaker.
"Well, I guess they found out," I said, "ready to kick some butt?"

"Hell yeah! Let's do this!" Thorn said as the footsteps of the guards came closer.
I unsheathed my sword and Thorn unsheathed his axes. *With his strength, and my speed, we will be unstoppable. Lemur, we're coming, just hang in there!*





[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/5) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/7)

