# Chapter 7: The Escape
---

## Told by: Lemur

I followed Galaxy. We ran the corridor and turned left. "This is where I saw robot dude take your stick." Galaxy said.
I looked around the room that Galaxy brought me to. It had four other doors in it that hid there own rooms and the room we were in at the moment was pretty much empty. "It must've put the weapons in one of these rooms." I said.

"I'll check these two rooms." Galaxy said, as she opened the first door. When she peeked inside, she laughed and said, "Found the bathroom!"
I had to admit, that was funny, then it hit me. "Why would Titanitro need a bathroom?" I asked.

"Who?" Galaxy replied.

"Robot dude."

"I dunno."

So I opened my first door and I immediately wished I didn't.
"Zombies!!!"
Titanitro had locked a horde of hungry, bloodthirsty zombies in the room I just opened the door to.
"Close the door!" Galaxy yelled.
I tried to close the door, but I wasn't quick enough as it was obstructed by a zombie's limbs.
"I can't!" I yelled back.

Galaxy, in a frantic rush, opened her second door and screamed as more zombies came out of that one!
It must be my second door! "I can hold them off, you quickly get into the other room!" I said. Galaxy nodded and opened up my second door and rushed in. I grabbed a chair in the room and used it as a shield to keep the zombies' chomping mouths away from me. Then, all of a sudden, a beam of light blasted through the zombies in front of me. "Lemur, catch!" Galaxy yelled as she through my stick to me. I managed to catch it and stab it through the face of a zombie in front of me. That's when the guards came in our room. They had guns and were blasting zombies and some were trying to grab us. I saw Galaxy get captured by one, when she grabbed a nearby zombie by the back of the head and made it eat the guard alive.

Then...
**Shing! Shing!**
And the guards shooting at us were decapitated. As their bodies dropped, I saw Thorn and Derek in some black robe enter the room and demolish the guards. There was Thorn, who was crushing in their skulls with brute force and Derek doing lacerations at the speed of light, I swear, he appeared that fast. In an instant, the guards were all killed.
"You came!" I exclaimed.

"Yep, we couldn't let you be lost forever, and who is this?" Thorn said.

"I'm Princess Lillian Galaxy of Lapis Kingdom. " Galaxy said as she was strapping some of the guns onto her back. Then, almost immediately, Derek and Thorn bowed and said, "Oh, my apologies your Majesty."

"Come on, get up before I bonk you on the head." Galaxy said, "and don't call me your Majesty, just call me Galaxy."

Thorn and Derek stood back up and I couldn't help but laugh. "Well, ready to leave?" Derek said.

"Nope, you will get your revenge Derek. Let's find Titanitro and show him what happens when it messes with us!" Thorn replied.

"I agree, I was locked in here for a week and I want to get revenge!" Galaxy exclaimed.

"Ok then, let's go!" I said.

So we decided to search for Titanitro and we eventually found a promising room, as this door had the knob made of white gold. Thorn kicked down the door and behind it was Titanitro.
"Well, well, well, if it isn't the people from the village and my prisoners. What can I help you with?" Titanitro said.
We looked at each other and Titanitro added, "I already know what you want. Well, let's dance!"

Titanitro got up from its chair and stomped its foot on the ground, causing the building to rumble. Then Titanitro ran towards us with its fists in the air. Thorn swung out his axes and blocked his punches, but each punch pushed him an inch back. Derek came from behind and tried to slice through Titanitro, but his sword just deflected off of its back.
"That's cheating." said Titanitro. Then it punched Derek across the room and walked towards him with a bomb in its hand. Galaxy then screamed, "Lemur, tell your friend to watch out!"

"Derek!" I yelled.
Derek then vaulted away and Titanitro turned its head. Galaxy held out her scepter when Titanitro said, "And what are you going to do little girl?"

Galaxy had an angry face and said, "Don't underestimate me because I'm a woman!"
Then a blue laser shot out of her scepter and blew up the bomb, causing the floor to cave in, and Titanitro to fall with it! I looked around and I realized something. "Where's Thorn?" I said. Everyone looked around and couldn't see him. Thorn had disappeared. "You don't think he--" Derek said.
Right at that moment, we ran towards the crash site, in the basement, hoping to find Thorn in the rubble alive.

## Told by: Thorn

I was fighting Titanitro, blocking his attacks, until I was launched from him. That's when I heard Lemur yell, "Derek!"

Then, all of a sudden, a beam of light illuminated the room, followed by an explosion and next thing I knew, the floor fell from underneath me. We crashed though the first floor and landed in the basement. I looked up at the circle of light above me. *This is where my story ends,* I thought, *this is where I die.* I tried to look around the room, but I was unable to move and all I saw was darkness.

I caught a glimpse of movement from the corner of my eye and realized that it was Lemur. *They're here to save me.* Derek and Galaxy shown up too, as they were lifting the heavy debris off of my body. It seemed that they were speaking, but I couldn't hear anything that they were saying.
I was tempted to close my eyes, but I knew that if I did, I would leave this world behind. 

"Am I... Going to live?" I managed to croak out.
That was when I realized that the world was coming back to me, as the room was becoming brighter and I heard Lemur faintly say, "You're going to be alright."

"We're going to lift you up." Derek said.
Derek grabbed one of my shoulders and Lemur grabbed the other. I realized then, that for some odd reason, Lemur was much warmer than everyone else, it was like plunging your hands into the hot sand when he laid a finger on me.

When they hoisted me up onto my legs, it was the most excruciating pain I've ever felt, as I released a blood curtling screech from my mouth. The pain quickly subsided however, as I took a few more steps with Derek and Lemur helping my stability.
As I took more steps, something caught my eye across the room. It was a body with a larger chunk of debris impaled in it's stomach. I broke away from Lemur and Derek and limped towards the body.

The closer I got to the body, I soon realized what this was. *Titanitro.* When I learned that this was Titanitro's body, I tripped up in my own feet and fell on my knees, into a pool of blood. *Was this my blood?* I turned my head back to where I started and saw my friends rushing to my side. While they did this, to my surprise, it wasn't my blood. *Robots can bleed?* I thought. Derek and Lemur were about to hoist me up again, but I held my hand out to halt them. "The axes please." I said.

Galaxy handed me back my axes and I used them to hoist myself up onto my feet again and I walked towards Titanitro. When I was over his body, I realized that it was still alive. I knelt, swung my arms back, preparing to strike the robot, and asked, "Any last words?"

The robot coughed and answered weakly, "Why... Would you kill your own brother?"

"Did I just hear what I think I heard?" Lemur questioned.

"What did you say? I don't have a brother!" I exclaimed.

The robot lifted his arms and removed it's head, and everyone gasped. Underneath this mechanical head, was a person who looked just like me, except for one eye, which was severely bloodshot.
"My name's Ryan. Your brother." Titanitro said.
I was puzzled. I didn't know what to think of it. *I had a brother?*

"I can explain." Ryan said.

"Please do." I replied.

"Well, back when you were just a baby, and I was just a toddler, our father, Drake took Mia, our mother, you and I on a picnic. Then, all of a sudden, zombies emerged from the ground and father said, 'Run!'
I ran off towards the forest, but since you were too young to walk or run, father grabbed you and ran off with Mia, abandoning me. The worst part was how father and mother never came back to find me! So I planned my revenge on them for all my pain and suffering. I practiced with explosives and robotics, until today, when I decided to blow my home up, hoping to kill father for all he's done!"

Ryan coughed again and moaned in pain. When I heard all of this, two things made my stomach churn and my core rattle. "Brother?" I said. Ryan glanced at me and weakly replied, "Yes?"

I was getting choked up, and then I finally spat it out. "Our father... Was already deceased."

"What?" Ryan replied, "How?"
Ryan appeared to be getting upset, knowing everything he's done was all for nothing.

"He... Injured himself, protecting the village. He was eaten by zombies and he became one. Then... I... I killed him."

Ryan had a tear come to his bloodshot eye and said, "So... He was already dead?"

"Yes, he was dead before you attacked the village."

Ryan smiled and looked up at the gaping hole. "Thanks... He paid for his wrongdoings... Now... I shall pay for mine." Ryan said. Ryan then exhaled and just like that, Ryan had died right before my eyes. I dropped my axes onto the floor and wiped away tears.

"Sleep tight... Brother." I coughed out.

I turned around and realized that everyone else was tearing up, even Derek.
"I'm so sorry." Galaxy said.
"Don't be," I replied, "Let's go."
I got up onto my feet and walked towards the exit, with my friends following. Then we exited through the main entrance and blocked off the doorway, so that no zombies could enter the building. After that, Galaxy led the way, and we left the base, leaving the body of my brother behind and started our journey to the Lapis Kingdom.

**(After Thorn And His Friends Left The Property)**

Ryan opened his eyes and laughed maniacally. He grabbed the large object and yanked it out of his stomach and threw it aside.
"I thought they'd never leave!" Ryan yelled.
He stood up and looked at his wound. "The blood packages built into my suit worked like a charm... It really appeared like I sustained a massive injury!"
He laughed again. He looked up through the hole above and said, "They haven't seen the last of me!"
Then he paced away from the pool of blood, where he had died, left the basement, unblocked the main entrance, and left.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/6) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/8)

