# Chapter 8: The Merchant Vilage
---

## Told by: Lemur

We followed Galaxy, off the beaten path, to her kingdom. As we were walking, I couldn't shake the feeling I had inside of me. I could only imagine how Thorn felt after learning he had a brother, who was evil and died in front of him. "How are you doing Thorn?" I asked him.

"Good I guess." Thorn replied.

"Ok, just wondering because of what happened."

"Oh yeah, I'm fine. He had to die for what he had done. It's just called life. It's just called reality."

Thorn's wise words hit me. *Are our lives really that written in the stars? If we did something wrong, would we just die? Is this the reality we truly live in?* The thoughts I was having sickened me, when all of a sudden, Thorn shouted, "I see something! Is that the kingdom Galaxy?"

Galaxy giggled and said, "No Thorn, it's just a village that's nearby the kingdom. We do many trades and buys with them. In fact, the place is called Merchant Village, because the village is a large trading place."
Thorn's face lit up and he replied, "Are we going to go through there?"

Galaxy nodded her head and Thorn was jumping with excitement. Thorn then ran from the group to reach the village quicker. "Thorn, wait up!!!" I yelled as I ran behind him. Eventually, everyone was running until we reached the destination. The place was bigger than I expected, and very different from where I came from. This place had these paper lanterns tied on strings, that were laced above the cobblestone streets. There were horse-drawn buggies delivering goods to and from the village. Also, it was more colorful than anything I've ever seen, with tents of every colour that existed, and sold various items.

Moments later, we found Thorn at a tent that sold strange fruits and vegetables. "What do you mean that it's not a fair trade!" Thorn complained to the merchant in the tent. Galaxy laughed and replied, "I wouldn't even accept rotten flesh for a large plum!"

Galaxy reached into her pocket and pulled out four gold coins. "Here Mr. Shen, four coins for that plum please." Galaxy said. The merchant behind the table happily accepted the coins and gave Galaxy the plum. Galaxy then handed the plum to Thorn. "Here Thorn. Anyone else want anything before we continue to Lapis Kingdom?" Galaxy asked.

I peered at the strange foods that Mr. Shen sold. I pointed to a pink fruit with green spikes and asked, "What is this?"
Mr. Shen chuckled and replied, "This is pitahaya, but it's also called dragonfruit. You peel it and eat the white fruit inside."

Galaxy happily gave the shopkeeper six more gold coins and she received the dragonfruit. She handed me the dragonfruit, when I replied, "Thanks."

We were just about to leave the tent when something caught my eye. It was a poster, with weird symbols on it, that switched to English text right before my eyes. Thorn looked at the poster too and he said, "What language is this? I can't understand it at all!"

Mr. Shen looked at Thorn and replied, "It is Chinese, or also called Mandarin. It's okay if you can't understand it, it is one of the hardest languages to learn and read."
I looked at them both with a face of confusion and said, "What do you mean? It says 'Battle Royale' and it has an address, and also says 'The winner will receive $10,000 and the title of Yin-Yang champion."

Everyone stopped what they were doing and glared at me with their jaws dropped. Mr. Shen laughed and said, "It appears your friend knows the language well."

"Lemur, why didn't you tell me you knew Mandarin!?" Thorn yelled.

"Quite impressive." Derek said.

"I'll say, I've been studying the language for years and I'm not nearly as good with Mandarin as you!" Galaxy exclaimed.
I drew my friends closer to me until we were huddling, when I whispered, "I don't know Mandarin."

"What do you mean?" Galaxy asked.

"The symbols on the paper just, kind of, morphed into English, right before me."

"Maybe it is some sort of concussion from Titanitro's base." Thorn said.

"Maybe," Galaxy said, "you can check in with Dr. Osbourne Senior when we get to the Lapis Kingdom."

I agreed, but Thorn ignored Galaxy, ripped off the poster and said, "How about we enter this battle thing? We can enter Lapis Kingdom richer than before, and some of the money could be used for upgrades to the kingdom."

Wow, I thought, this is the first well thought out idea I've ever heard from Thorn. Or maybe he's just trying to convince Galaxy. Galaxy smiled and said, "Ok, but only if we use half of the winnings for the kingdom."

"It's a deal!" Thorn said as he shook Galaxy's hand in agreement.

"Good luck!" Mr. Shen said.

"Thanks!" Thorn replied.

So off we went, to use our strengths in a battle for money... Or expose our weaknesses and perish.




[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/7) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/9)

