# Chapter 9: Yin and Yang
---

## Told by: Lemur

We traveled quickly through the busy streets of Merchant village and saw so many amazing things. There was a shopkeeper who sold parrots, and another shopkeeper sold meats of all kinds. The most amazing thing of all was the house that the poster brought us to.

The house was massive. It had two floors, and it was larger than my dad's village. The roof was also so different, as it curved upwards at the ends of it and were spiked on the corners. The front porch was also large, and had quartz pillars with gold inlays on them, shaped like dragons. The road that led to the house had a gigantic fountain, shaped like a person, holding a weapon that spat out water into the air, before gravity took it down. The road was also lined with tall trees with pink petals, and purple fruit.

We had finally reached the front door and admired the beauty of the place before knocking on the door. Before Thorn could knock, the doors slid open and emerged two humanoid figures.

One was as black as night, with jet black hair, a black silk robe, and his eyes were a bright white. The other was as white as wool, with wolf grey hair, a white silk robe, but his eyes were a menacing black.
"Greetings, I am Sensei Yang," said the white, "and this is my twin brother, Sensei Yin."
Yang gestured to the black humanoid, who removed his hands from his sleeves and shook Galaxy's hand aggressively.

"Hey, how are you doing?" Yin said.

"Good." Galaxy said shyly.

Yin then repeated with Derek, and Thorn, but when he got to me, he became surprised. "Wow! Your hands are super hot!" Yin exclaimed.
Yang cleared his throat, intending Yin to tone it down a little.

"Right, sorry." Yin said. Yin then put his hands back into his sleeves and stood up straight.

"What brings you to our dojo?" Yang said, "Did you come for an autograph?"
Thorn pulled out the poster he ripped off at Mr. Shen's tent and shown Yin and Yang.
"No, we are here for this thing. We want to compete." Thorn explained.

Yang burst out in laughter and Yin joined in shortly after.
"You can't be serious!" Yang replied, "This is a challenge not for the faint of heart, and you guys are just a couple of kids."

Thorn started to fume with anger and replied, "Well so are you guys! You look no older than Lemur or me!"
*Oh no,* I thought, *Why did you have to bring me into this feud?*
Yin uncontrollably bursted out laughing again.

"You are hilarious, we are like, two thousand and sixteen years old. We could be your great, great, great, great, so many greats, grandfathers!"
Thorn became angrier and yelled, "Listen here! I don't deal with a bunch of clowns wearing bathrobes! Now I want to compete!"

Yin and Yang gasped. "How dare you insult our kimonos!" Yang yelled.
"Yeah! And I'm only a clown half of the time!" Yin exclaimed, "But not now!"

"Can we please not fight." I spat out, "We just came here to join this contest, and there was clearly no age limit on the poster when I read it."

"He's got you there." Yin said, "And he's right, let's not fight."

Yang looked completely disgusted before saying, "How dare you insult my posters! You are weak and pathetic! I'm just trying to save you from being completely demolished!"
That's when I snapped. I snatched the poster from Thorn and felt a surge of power through me. "Don't call me WEAK!" I yelled.

Apparently, I got my point across, as they both jumped backwards. Then, out of rage, I ripped the poster in front of their eyes.
Yang became furious and yelled, "Oh, it's on! I'll claw your eyes out!!!"
Yang then lunged at me and his body morphed into a large white bird, with black feet and its talons extended to the intent to kill me.
Right before he got to me, Yin jumped in front of me and took the blow to his stomach. He didn't even grimace at the pain, in fact, he didn't even bleed.

"Save it for the battlefield brother." Yin said, then turned to me, "Sorry for my brother's actions, we would love to have you guys join. It will be held tomorrow."

"Thank you, see you tomorrow then." I said.

"Yep." Yin said.

So we walked down the long roadway to find a hotel to sleep in.
"You were so fierce Lemur!" Thorn exclaimed.

"Really?" I replied.

Everyone nodded, then Thorn changed the conversation with another statement.
"Did you see what that Yang guy did though? He just jumped at you and became some bird thing! How did he do that? Also, how can they be two thousand and sixteen years old? Wouldn't they be dead?"

"No." Galaxy said.

"Why?" Thorn asked. I too, was perplexed.

"Because they are spirits. They are the spirits of light and darkness. Yang is the spirit of light and Yin is the spirit of darkness. That is also why Yang became a phoenix. Because it's their ability, just be glad it wasn't Yin that became an animal, he turns into a timberwolf."

"I wish I could've seen that." Thorn said, "No offense Lemur."

"It's okay. How do you know all of that though?" Lemur asked Galaxy.

"There is a book in the Lapis Kingdom about the important spirits in the world, and they are the first ones in it."

"Oh okay." I said. So we walked into the sunset and found a hotel. Then we fell asleep to prepare ourselves for the big day ahead.



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/8) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_1_chapters/10)


