# Chapter 1: A Breath of Peace
---

**(Year 2021: 1 year since the liberation of the Desert Kingdom)**

"See? Isn't this a nice change Lemur?" Lillian inquired, "No more war and senseless fighting. We can breathe easier, and catch a break if we need to."

Lillian and Lemur strolled casually through the gardens of the Běn Dé Village ruins. It was decided that today, they were going to go on a peaceful date, just the two of them. Lillian was enjoying this moment with Lemur, but Lemur however, seemed restless. He glanced left and right and seemed overly anxious.

"Come on Lemur," Lillian scolded, "Just relax. The Demigod's Association can surely handle things on their own for a couple hours."

"I am relaxed," Lemur said, as he looked behind them.

"Yeah, sure you are," Lillian interjected as she nudged his arm.

"I- I am!" Lemur replied, "Look, Lillian, sweetie, I can't help but to feel a bit anxious. As the Protector of Peace, I need to solve skirmishes on a global- no, dimensional scale. It's simply my duty."

"When was the last time you've had a break Lemur?" Lillian asked, "Do you even remember the last time you've had a calm moment?"

Lemur scratched the back of his head, and Lillian added, "Exactly. Now come, I found this beautiful spot by the stream we can sit at!"

Lillian grabbed onto Lemur's arm and they both jogged together until they reached an area by the riverbank that was clearer than the rest, which rested under a cherry blossom tree. The water in front of the bank was filled with pink and white petals, along with the clearing on the ground, and overlooked the entirety of this beautiful garden. Lillian and Lemur sat down and took in the scenery in front of them. Lillian took off her white cardigan and sat it beside her before she went to unzip Lemur's sweater. Lemur jolted suddenly, and Lillian sighed.

"Lemur," Lillian began.

"I'm sorry Lillian," Lemur replied, "I just don't like having it out in the open."

"No one is even here to judge you, or question it," Lillian countered, "Not that anyone does that anyhow. Everyone respects you as they should."

"I know," Lemur interjected, "I just... I don't like it. I don't like being reminded of that day."

Lillian sighed, and so did Lemur. Lemur grabbed the zipper of his sweater and unzipped it. He removed his sweater and sat it aside.

"See, you can't even see it when it's underneath your shirt," Lillian added.

"I guess that's true," Lemur replied.

They both chuckled and exhaled at the sight. 

"So what did you do this week?" Lillian asked.

Lemur stretched and replied, "Oh you know, peacekeeping missions between the Aether and Nether, with the occasional skirmishes in the Overworld."

"So the usual," Lillian added.

"Indeed. How about you?"

"The usual as well," Lillian answered, "Typical Lapis Union business. Also went to the Forest Kingdom to lend a hand in it's reconstruction."

"Oh nice," Lemur replied. Lillian slid her hand over to Lemur's and Lemur grasped it. 

"Yep, getting everything ready for the wedding."

Lemur nearly jumped from his place and replied, "Wedding?! Wait who?"

"You mean Yang didn't tell you?" Lillian asked, "Strange. Yang and Juniper are getting married in two days. I would've thought he'd tell you considering you both work side by side."

Lemur was flabbergasted, and replied, "I had no idea. He might've mentioned it during a mission, but with everything that goes on in those, it probably got lost in the moment."

"Will you be attending?" Lillian asked.

"I- I don't know. I might have to resolve conf-"

"*Lemur*," Lillian interrupted, "Yin and even Visi will be there. I highly doubt they would've left you to do *all* their jobs. Maybe Aether and Apollo have got that all sorted out."

"I could always ask them," Lemur stated as he began to get up. Lillian grabbed ahold of Lemur's hand and found herself hoisted up from her seat.

"Not so fast tough guy," Lillian joked, "You aren't getting away that easily. Please. Just *one* relaxing moment. Nothing less."

"Alright," Lemur replied, "I will attend the wedding, however, I will be on alert in case I have to resolve some conflict of sorts."

"Promise?"

"I promise."

Lillian then leaned in and gave Lemur a kiss and embraced him. She then began to chuckle.

"What's so funny?" Lemur asked.

"Oh, I just remembered back when we first met, in the prison cell. You were so pathetic," Lillian teased.

"Hey!" Lemur exclaimed, "Come on, I wasn't that pathetic, was I?" 

Lillian shrugged and answered, "Not too pathetic, but still weak."

The two laughed and Lillian reached her hand to Lemur's face and stroked his sparse facial hair with her thumb.

"When are you going to shave this off?" Lillian asked.

"Do you not like it?" Lemur asked as he stroked his beard, "I thought it made me look good."

"No no, it's not that," Lillian asked, "it's just..."

"Pathetic?" Lemur asked.

"Actually yes," Lillian teased.

Lemur exhaled sharply, "I know you're joking, but it still feels half-truth."

"Lemur, like you, I'm sure it'll grow to be something much stronger."

"Ok lovebirds, break it up, break it up."

Lemur and Lillian quickly turned around and jumped at the sight of Thorn.

"Thorn, how long were you-"

"Long enough to smell the cheesiness of your interaction. Gods and Goddesses."

The two blush, and Lemur quickly interjected, "Uhhh, is there an issue?"

"Oh, no issues," Thorn replied, "I just thought to join in... unless-"

"No it's fine Thorn," Lillian replied, "No worries."

"Alright, thank you."

Thorn sat down beside the two and glanced across the waters.

"Yes, very cheesy. Are you sure it's fine for me to be here? This looks like any other romantic setup." 

"I'm sure," Lillian replied, "It's understandable."

"Alright. Hey Lemur, how's the scar?" Thorn asked.

"Thorn, you know how I feel about that," Lemur replied.

"I don't know why you hide it, it's so badass. Makes you look like a badass... forget I mentioned it."

Lemur's head suddenly jolted upwards, and he looked to the sky. 

"Are you serious?" Lillian asked.

"I'm sorry," Lemur replied, "But I will attend the wedding."

Lemur's black angel wings suddenly shot out from his back and he propelled himself into the air.

"But for now, I have to go. Duty calls."

Lemur flew away from the two, and Lillian sighed. 

"How are you holding up Lillian?" Thorn sighed.

Lillian scuffed her feet on the ground beneath her, flinging petals into the air and replied, "I wish I could see him more than I am able to now. We barely see each other, and when we do, he's always preoccupied with anxiety that he will have to leave shortly. I hate it."

Thorn rubbed the back of his neck and replied, "I hear you, but you mustn't forget, he does have much larger responsibilities now than he ever did before. He serves the Gods of the Aether directly now. Defying them is like accepting to be slaughtered... even if they're nice Gods."

"I understand that," Lillian stated, "But why. Why can't they just give him some time to spend leisurely. He wasn't *always* the Protector of Peace, so whatever they did before that, I'm sure they can put in place temporarily to give him a moment's peace."

Thorn sighed and grasped a petal between his fingers. "I guess that's true. Who knows?"

Thorn glanced up at Lillian, whose arms were folded as she looked into the clouds above.

"Would you like me to give you a lift back?" Thorn asked.

"If you're offering," Lillian replied.

Lillian grabbed onto Thorn's arm and the two teleported back to the Lapis Kingdom, leaving behind the fluttering petals in the gentle breeze of their absence.


[Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/2)
