# Chapter 2: Mission Response
---

**(The next day...)**

"Evacuate! This is not a drill! Remain calm everyone, you hear me!? I SAID REMAIN CALM!!!" shouted a panicked civilian of a village. 

In a moderately large village, far northwest of the supercontinent in the Overworld, mass hysteria developed. Within the village, a rift between the Overworld and Hell had unexpectedly opened, and out spilled feral creatures of Hell, along with a few stray demons, aiming to claim the village as their new territory. 

"Raise this land!" screeched the demon leading the onslaught, "Kill every last one of these petty mortals! We shall claim this settlement for the Gemes race!!!"

Demons made of rock and brimstone pillaged the village with brutality in their actions. They slaughtered several villagers, and generated chaos amongst people and demons alike. Then suddenly, a beam of light ripped through the clouds and into the village.

"Visi! Take out the Iedomas and Slepkavas!" Yang shouted from the light, "Lemur, close the rift!"

The light beam dissipated and out emerged the Demigod's Association. Visi, who was a shorter woman with long purple hair put up in ponytails, and golden eyes, sighed loudly and exclaimed, "Why don't we get to deal with Demons!? Oh well."

Visi dematerialized before them, in an explosion of souls and began to disperse evenly amongst the feral creatures of Hell. As soon as a cloud of souls engulfed a creature, it materialized into various people, who began to work cohesively to assassinate each of the wild beasts. Lemur flew from the group towards the rift that provided a pathway between Hell and the Overworld and pulled out a fang, that once belonged to the sand hydra that was Queen Nile. Lemur drew out the fang and slashed the rift several times with it, destablizing the rift to the point where it stitched itself back together.

"The rift is closed!!!" Lemur shouted, "Focus on the Gemes and the innocents now!"

And thus, the group of four began to take further action. Yin and Yang began to teleport the innocents to a safer location, while Visi and Lemur took on the demons. 

Visi rematerialized into a singular entity and followed Lemur deeper into the village. Visi split themselves apart and overwhelmed the Gemes by their sheer number. All of Visi attacked in harmony, and as they brought the demons to a weakened state, Lemur swooped in with the fang in hand, and drew pentagrams around them, temporarily opening portals to Hell, to send them back from where they originated from.

"LEMUR!!!" all of Visi exclaimed, "We can't keep going like this! We have to kill!"

Lemur sighed and landed on the ground. "Alright, then allow me."

Lemur outstretched his hand and morphed Aizdegties Galveno in front of him. He placed the fang against his greatsword, and the fang was absorbed, giving the icefire sword reddened veins along it. He grasped onto the greatsword and flew throughout the streets of the village, slashing any demons with his sword. The demons, instead of dying as expected, imploded on themselves, being effectively transported back to Hell. He continued this until a soul flew by his ear and said, "We think we located the captain in town square."

Lemur changed his trajectory to head to the center of the village, where one earth demon stood amongst the carnage, and surrounded by different people that made up Visi. Lemur landed before him and Visi and outstretched his sword. "Stand down, or else I will have no other choice."

"You!" the demon captain shouted, "You're the Alpha of the Kaīta race! I can sense it, but how!? You're an angel!!! You're no demon! I don't take orders from you."

Lemur sighed as the earth demon swung his fist at Lemur. Lemur caught his massive fist and flung him across the village. He shot himself into the air, before he plunged his sword into the captain's chest. The captain drew his final breath before he too, imploded back to Hell. "See? Didn't need to kill a single one."

The several people merged back into the short woman they were before, and approached Lemur. 

"They're demons," Visi spat, "They don't deserve our empathy. Do you know what they did to some of us? Do you know what cruel things-"

"Visi, that's enough," Yang replied.

"I *am* part demon!" Lemur exclaimed, "You can't expect me to not treat them any different from a human, or angel. They have families, and lives to live!"

"We had families!!!" Visi shouted, "So many of us had families... they couldn't care less, so why should we!?"

"I said enough!" Yang exclaimed.

Lemur and Visi stopped bickering and turned to Yin and Yang. 

"What matters now is that we saved many lives today, and maintained balance and peace," Yang replied, "Let's be grateful for that."

"Agreed," said Lemur, Visi and Yin.

"Visi, how quickly do you think you can rebuild this village?" Yang asked politely.

Visi cracked her fingers and chuckled, "Piece of cake, we can finish by tonight at the latest!"

Visi exploded in a puff of souls and became several people, who began to reconstruct the village from the rubble.

"Damn, that's the third rift this week," Yin stated, "What do you think is going on?"

"I'm not sure Yin," Yang said, "But whatever it is, it bodes ill. We have our work cut out for us."

"Uhhh, Yang," Lemur interjected.

"Yes Lemur?" Yang questioned.

"So you're getting married tomorrow, congratulations."

"Wait, did I not tell you!?"

"I'm afraid not."

"Wow Yang," Yin joked, "You managed to invite everyone except the wonder of our realms. The Protector of Peace himself."

"I don't know how I could've forgotten," Yang replied, "I'm sorry, you are invited though. Our lords, Aether and Apollo said they will handle anything that comes up tomorrow, along with The Divine." 

"Alright thanks," Lemur said, "I'll be sure to attend." 

"AND DONE!" shouted Visi. 

The three turned around in astonishment and saw one constructed house amongst the rubble, and Visi replied, "Oh, we meant like, done one house. Still some fifty odd houses to go. Told you, piece of cake."

The three chuckled and Visi went back to work.

"Anyhow," Lemur started, "I have to go. I have a meeting with Aether and Apollo that I must attend."

"Oh," Yin replied, "What for?"

Lemur rubbed the back of his neck and replied, "I have to work something out that satisfies my duties as the Protector of Peace and the husband of my lovely wife."

"Lillian complaining again?" said one of Visi.

"She has every right to Visi," Lemur answered, "I'm never around, and she understands my role in the six realms, however, she *deserves* more attention than I am currently giving her."

"Well, good luck," Yang said.

"Thanks," Lemur replied as he shot himself into the air, "See you tomorrow."

"See you."

...

Lemur flew himself into the clouds above, to converse with the Gods that gave him this second life. He finally entered into the Aether realm and stood before the two Gods. He bowed courteously before the Gods, and said, "Lord Aether and Lord Apollo, thank you for gifting me this time to discuss matters with you."

"Not a problem," Aether replied, "What seems to be the issue?"

Lemur gulped before finally saying, "Well... you see... I was wondering if I could get... time off?"

"Time off!?" Apollo shouted, "You do realize what you are, correct? Do you realize the utter importance your role is in this Universe!?"

"Apollo," Aether said, "Calm down. Young Lemur Kolachnik, I apologize for Apollo's behaviour, however, please do understand that you can't simply choose to take a break. When the world needs you, you must respond. Only on special occasions do we ever grant time off."

"Such as Yang's wedding?"

"Precisely," Aether stated, "We, and the Divine, aren't able to tend to everyone's wishes for breaks. We have duties too."

"Alright, I understand," Lemur replied.

"Enjoy tomorrow as your break," Apollo added, "As that is time you will have off."

"I will, thank you, my Lords."

Lemur stepped away from the Gods and glanced at them one last time, before he flung himself from the clouds, to the Lapis Kingdom below.


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/1) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/3)



