# Chapter 3: Matrimony
---

**(The day of the wedding...)**

*Where is he... where is he?* Lillian thought to herself impatiently, as she awaited Lemur's arrival. Juniper joined her outside on the newly-built balcony within the Forest Kingdom. Juniper had been dressed in whites with minty-green details, and her shoulder-length red hair was put back into a ponytail with lilies wrapped within.

"Waiting for Lemur I see," Juniper stated.

Lillian became startled and replied, "Oh, Juniper, you look beautiful."

"Thanks."

"And to answer your question, yes, I am. He said he'd make it."

Juniper shook her head disapprovingly and said, "Yin, Visi and even Yang haven't arrived yet. Don't worry too much about it. Mind if I join you?"

"Sure," Lillian replied.

Thus, the two royals stood at the end of the balcony and overlooked the sparse forest, the construction of Forest Kingdom and even the Lapis Kingdom beyond.

"You know, I never expected to get another moment quite like this one," Juniper said suddenly, "After we lost... our people, after I lost my husband, after all of this... I didn't expect to have another memory where fighting wasn't the norm."

"Same," Lillian replied, "I've spent my entire life dealing with the Undead, and it just became normal for me. I never experienced a day where enemies didn't threaten our kingdom, and our people... and now... now I'm experiencing it. Juniper, is this like how it was before... you know."

Juniper chuckled lightly and said, "It's as close as it could be. The Undead still exist out there, however, without their master, they're nothing more than empty husks without a voice to lead them."

"I see. Tell me, how is your relationship with Yang?" Lillian asked.

Juniper blushed and Lillian quickly stuttered, "If you don't mind that is."

"Not a problem," Juniper said, "Yang is. Well, he's amazing. He reminds me a lot of Lucille before the raid of our village... maybe even better. We don't see each other every moment, but when we do see each other, he has a way of making those moments... special."

A beam of light suddenly ripped from the sky and Juniper gasped, "They're here! I have to go!"

"No worries," Lillian replied, "and congratulations!"

Juniper ran inside and Lillian followed behind in a casual walk. People of the Forest Kingdom began bustling, and pulling up camouflage sheets around Juniper as she walked by, and the Demigod's Association entered.

"Ughhhh, do we *need* to wear this dress?" Visi complained, "This is so uncomfortable."

"Visi, surely *one* of you know the formalities of a wedding." Yang said.

Yang glanced up and saw a bunch of people grouping ahead, holding blankets of sorts and gasped. "That must be her!"

"I never understood the customs of not seeing the bride on her wedding day," Visi said, "Like, you'll see her anyways, so what's the point?"

"Lemur!" Lillian shouted as she ran towards them.

"Told you we'd make it," Lemur replied, "just had to deal with a skirmish before we came here."

Lemur and Lillian hugged and kissed before they went into the sea of people there to attend the marriage of Juniper and Yang.

...

The crowd of people began to hush as the wedding proceeded. Yang stood stoically on stage, as Juniper approached him. Once Juniper got up on stage with Yang, Yang whispered, "You look lovely."

Juniper tapped Yang's shoulder lightly and replied, "Come on, don't make me blush *now*."

The minister cleared his throat and asked, "May I begin?"

"Yes Mordecai, and thank you."

Mordecai fixed his tie and began:

"Welcome family, friends and loved ones! We are gathered here to celebrate the union of Princess Aurea Juniper, and Yang, along with their coronations through the Forest Kingdom monarchy. We are all here to support this commitment of love and to share the joy of Yang and Juniper as they choose to spend their lives together. Yang and Juniper, your marriage will be a lifelong promise to love, respect, trust and honor each other through the good, the bad and the unexpected. This union represents your commitment to support one another as individual beings but share your joys, sorrows, and dreams as one. A strong bond works in unison not only to nurture the best parts of your personalities, but to understand each other’s differences and flaws.
You are committing to learn how to grow alongside one another while remembering to keep an open mind throughout your journey. Today, you gain an equal partner that will be your confidant, your defender and your motivator through all of your aspirations and goals. You will celebrate each accomplishment, provide peace through every setback and most importantly, give love in life’s both big and little moments. You are creating a new home where love, trust and loyalty are the foundation. No matter what the future throws your way, rely on those foundations and you shall only see your bond grow stronger and your souls grow wiser. Marriage is not easy, but from what I’ve seen in the two of you, I know your relationship will be an example to follow. You show care and compassion, you trust one another and most importantly, you are each other’s best friend. Now Yang and Juniper, please join hands and face each other."

Juniper and Yang faced each other and looked into each other's eyes lovingly.

"Yang, do you take Juniper to be your wife?"

"I do," Yang replied, then grinned.

"Juniper," Mordecai continued, "Do you take Yang to be your husband?"

"I do," Juniper replied.

"Your rings represent this promise to one another. The never-ending circle is a symbol of an infinite, unbreakable love. Yang, take this ring and place it on Juniper's finger, then repeat after me: Aurea, I give you this ring as a symbol of the promise I made to you today."

Yang placed the ring onto Juniper's finger and repeated Mordecai's words.

"Now Juniper, take this ring and place it on Yang's finger, then repeat after me: Yang, I give you this ring as a symbol of the promise I made to you today."

Juniper had done as she was told and placed the ring on Yang's finger.

"Having pledged your love and promise to one another today in front of all of your friends and family and by the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride."

Yang and Juniper embraced each other and kissed as the crowd applauded in awe. 

...

After the wedding had ended, the people danced and partied throughout the evening, and held small conversations amongst their peers.

"Hey Yang, Juniper, congratulations!" Lemur and Lillian said happily.

"Thanks!" The two said as they walked by.

Suddenly, Lemur and Lillian were approached by Steve.

"Hey Steve! How's it going?" Lillian asked.

"It's... going," Steve said, "Lemur, how are you?"

"I am fine," Lemur replied, "It's been a while."

"Indeed it has."

"So what seems to be the trouble?" Lillian asked.

Steve scratched the back of his neck and said, "We need to clean out Nautilius' house for a family to live in. I was hoping to get some help."

"Ohhhhh..." Lemur answered, "I don't know if I'll be able to, I got-"

"We'd *love* to," Lillian said.

"Really? Thanks! I'll see you tomorrow then."

"See you," Lillian replied.

...

Lemur and Lillian entered their bedroom within the Lapis Kingdom in a fury.

"Why'd you do that?!" Lemur exclaimed, "You know I have to protect the peace!"

"Lemur, he's your uncle," Lillian replied, "And I thought that you *should* attend, can't you just calm down?!"

"You can't be making these decisions *for* me Lillian! I may not be available tomorrow! Can't you let up!?"

"Let up!? Did you just ask me to let up!?" Lillian exclaimed, "Lemur, you've probably spent more time up in the Aether than you did your home realm!!!"

"I know! I... know," Lemur replied dismayingly, "I'm sorry Lillian, I wish I could spend more time here with you, you know I do."

Lillian wiped a tear from her eye. 

"Sometimes it feels like you purposely do this. It feels like you purposely distance yourself from us."

"I can tell you right now, that's not true," Lemur replied, "I don't want to always be away. Do you know why I chose this life? Why I chose to be resurrected as their protector? I chose it to save you all. I chose it... to see you again."

Lemur hugged Lillian tightly and rubbed her back sympathetically.

"I've still got tonight, let's make this moment a good one."

Lillian held Lemur's face and looked into his eyes.

"You've got such a way with words."

Lillian embraced Lemur and kissed him as the two fell backwards onto their bed.

**Meanwhile...**

Yin ran towards a clearing in a forest he knew too well. As his wolf form, he ran past the bones of deceased canines and approached an orange light within the woods. Once he got there, he found a fresh campfire with no one around. Yin became his humanoid form and shouted.

"Come on! I know you're there! Please, I want to talk with you!"

There was no response except for the soft wind blowing through the foliage. He sighed and sat at the campfire. "Suit yourself then."

Yin grabbed onto a stick and poked the embers within and continued, "I mean you no harm. I just want to know if it's really you. If it is the person I thought I saw here a year ago. The person who... well-"

"It is," whispered a woman's voice.

Yin gasped, then chuckled, "Well then, I am not going insane it seems... or am I? You are real right?"

The woman's voice giggled and answered, "I am real."

"Well that's good," Yin replied, "I am-"

"It was Yin, wasn't it?"

"It is," Yin replied, "So you do remember me?"

"I do." The voice whispered.

"By chance... could I get your name?" Yin asked. 

Silence filled the air around him and he sighed.

"Well... it was worth a shot."

Yin got up from his seat and turned himself around and jumped at the sight of a woman.

"Oh, sorry sorry," The woman said, "Didn't mean to make you jump. I'm Pandora."

Yin laughed and replied, "Well then... hello there."

Yin wiped his eyes and found blood on his arm and gasped.

"Are you alright?" the woman asked, "Your eyes."

Yin smiled and replied, "I'm as fine as I'll ever be."

[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/2) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/4)



