# Chapter 4: The Prophecy
---

**(The next day...)**

It had become the next day and despite Lemur insisting to Lillian the dangers of him not answering the call to the Demigod's Association, and the repercussions of defying the Gods, Lillian did not budge on the matter. She was adamant on him coming along, and cleaning the old Portal Mage's house, so Lemur had decided to bring her along to Yin and Yang to sort things out.

Lemur knocked on the door to Yang's temporary room, and was met at the door by Queen Juniper, who was still throwing on her casual shirt, and putting her arm through the arm hole.
"Oh, sorry sorry," Lemur apologized, "Didn't realize you guys were-"
"No, it's fine," Juniper replied as she yawned, "We slept in a bit longer than we intended to."
Juniper then chuckled lightly and turned over to Yang, who was still out like a light on the bed.
"I'd assume you're looking for Yang?"

"Yeah, if you don't mind," Lemur said.
"And actually, could you come along too?" Lillian added.
Juniper rubbed her eyes and answered, "Sure, YANG, WAKE UP!"
The loud yell (or perhaps, her 'sweet voice') woke Yang up immediately, as he sprung out of his bed and pulled his weapon from the pocket dimension it came from. Juniper laughed, and Lillian couldn't help but to giggle a bit too. Juniper glanced back at Lemur and Lillian, and eyed them up and down. She felt the tension between the two and soon understood what this conversation could be about.

"What seems to be the matter, June?" Yang requested.
"Well actually-- wait, did you just call me *June*?" Juniper replied.
Lemur broke into the conversation and began.
"Yang, please inform Lillian why exactly I can't go and help clean Nautilius' house!"
"Lemur, you're being irrational, if Yang can sleep in and be alright, then you *can* be there! Don't you see it? You're literally taking on the world when you don't have to be!"
"Wait, I slept in?" Yang muttered to himself, then turned to the two and spoke up, "I demand silence at once!"

The two kept bickering between each other and Juniper sighed as she nudged Yang with her elbow. She looked at Yang's face and mocked, "I dEmAnD sIlEnCE-- Nobody does that here honey," Juniper laughed to herself and continued, "Here, let me show you how it's done."

Juniper grabbed the two of her fingers and put them in her mouth before blowing a loud whistling sound from her lips. Lemur and Lillian got somewhat startled, and stopped fighting.

"I need to learn how to do that," Yang replied, then finally got to the problem, "Well Lillian, Lemur *does* have an important duty. He must keep the peace between the realms, so he must be ready at all times. The Gods and The Divine had created the Demigod's Association for the goal to keep the world at ease. This world... the realms... they aren't getting any better, and their work and ours are cut out for us."

"See?" Lemur said to Lillian, but Yang raised his finger to halt Lemur.

"But Lemur, you do know that you don't *need* to stay in the Aether to wait for a peacekeeping mission to arise. You could spend time with Lillian, and do whatever. You just have to be there when you are called. Got it?"

"So then, this call," Lillian asked, "can it happen only to selected members only? Would you, Yin, and Visi be able to handle these events on your own?"

Yang pondered and Juniper put her hand on Lillian's shoulder sympathetically.

"Well yes, the call does happen like that in fact," Yang answered.

"Well then *why* does Lemur have to attend many of them?" 

"Lemur here... well, he has a gift, if you will," Yang said, carefully choosing his words, "Being affected by the curse, and having some connection to demons, he can handle things that us spirits wouldn't be able to handle... go places us spirits cannot go."

Lillian gasped as she put the dots together and whispered, "Is it... demons? Are demons terrorizing the realms?"
Juniper looked uneasy, and so did Lemur for other reasons.
"I- I might've said too much," Yang replied with a bit of anger in his tone, "Look, we don't know yet, but... there have been some occasions of demons making it to the Overworld, and Lemur has been the one at the front, sending them back to their home realm."

Lillian looked up at Lemur with some tears in her eyes. She hugged Lemur and replied, "Lemur, if you would've just told me about this. If you had explained your unique purpose in the Association... I would've understood this much more clearly. I'm sorry."

Lemur grasped Lillian in his arms and replied, "Hey hey, it's alright. I should be the one sorry. I didn't know what information I could say and not say, so I feared saying something that would cut my life short here. I'll go help out Uncle Steve with you, but please do understand that if a call comes-"

"You have to answer," Lillian said softly.

Suddenly a door creaked open behind them and the couples looked over at the source of the sound. They see Visi peak their head out, with tired eyes and said, "And morning to you too. Could you be any louder?"

...

Lemur had flown Galaxy to his home village where they would spend time together, and clean out the house of the famous mage, Nautilius. He carried her in her arms, and Lillian grasped her arms around Lemur's torso, while being very careful not to get in the way of his giant black wings. They had finally made it to the village and stuck the landing. Lemur retracted his wings and set Lillian down gently. They were soon met by other residents of the village who cheered for their arrival, and later Steve who pulled the two into a hug.

"I didn't think you guys would get here," Steve said.
"We were," Lillian replied, "Just took a little sorting out."
"Oh," Steve replied as he glanced at Lemur, "I hope it wasn't any trouble."
"None at all," Lemur replied.

The group walked through the busier streets of the village and many of the residents met the couple, just to see the gift from their beloved Aether, the Protector of Peace, in person. It wasn't very often that they'd see the dimension they worshipped give something to the Overworld in return, aside from coincidences and good fortune. They had finally arrived inside the house, and as expected, it was really trashed with papers and books of the old mage.

Books as far as the eye can see, piled up to the ceiling and papers scattered the floor and table. It was as if a storm ravaged his home. Lemur cracked his fingers and asked Steve, "Alright, where did you want them put to? Do you have a library or something?" 

Steve scratched his head and replied, "I was honestly thinking of just disposing of them, but a library would be much nicer and more... honouring. I'm not entirely sure what's all in there, but unfortunately, due to the lack of housing, we don't actually have a library for them to reside in."
Lemur turned to Lillian and Lillian nodded.

"We'll send them to the Lapis Library then."

The group began digging through the mess of knowledge inside the home. Lillian and Steve picked through the books and papers, sorting each individual one, whilst Lemur used his Blood Fang to open a portal between Nautilius' home and the Lapis Library.

"Do you use that thing on missions?" Steve asked, "Seems mighty dangerous to have something that powerful around."
Lemur rolled his eyes and replied, "Yes, I do use it. I can't go into details, but it's been useful for what the missions involved."
"Couldn't we have used that thing to get here?" Lillian asked.
Lemur shrugged and answered, "Also true, but miss out on the scenic route? Not a chance!"
Lillian smiled at Lemur and Lemur smirked back. 

The group spent hours at it, cleaning every crevice of the home. Every now and then, Lillian would catch Lemur perking his head up before getting back to cleaning.
"You know," Lillian said, "If they need you, you can go. I understand."
"No, they don't need me specifically *yet*," Lemur replied, "Just calls for the group response."
"Shouldn't you answer those too?"
"I would, but Yang has been interjecting them, saying they 'have it under control.'"
"And they couldn't do this before?"
Lemur shrugged and replied, "I think not, but Yang is really trying to help out this situation."
Lillian seemed somewhat saddened and Lemur added, "But, he wouldn't be putting me on the bench if they couldn't handle the situation, I'm sure of it."

Steve approached the couple and said, "I hope I'm not interrupting anything here. I'm going to go get us all some drinks, and we can take a breather. We've earned it."
"Alright, sounds good!" Lillian said cheerfully, as Lemur slashed at the portal with the fang, closing it.
Steve left the two alone in the house, and just as they heard the door close, Lillian looked at Lemur with a concerned expression.

"Lemur is it serious? Is it the demons? Are they trying to handle demons alone?" Lillian asked, "Please, I appreciate your presence here, I really do, but I don't want to see either of them get hurt."
Lemur looked a bit flustered and replied, "They wouldn't. They aren't even part of the issue, but rather an inconvenience."
"What?" Lillian asked. Lemur realized what he said and began to look worried, and Lillian interjected, "Never mind, forget I asked that. Let's just... I know! Let's finish some more cleaning! We could surprise Steve if we finished most of it while he's gone!"
Lemur replied, "I wouldn't mind that."

Thus the two entered into Nautilius' bedroom and began sweeping the area quickly, clearing the books and papers and sending them to the library through Lemur's portal. 
"Gods and Goddesses," Lillian said, "How much has this guy written!?"
"Apparently a lot," Lemur joked.
"I missed this."
"Missed what?" Lemur asked, "Looking through books?"
"No silly," Lillian replied, "*This*. We're spending time together, and you don't even seem as phased or anxious over other matters than before. You're actually enjoying yourself."
"I- I guess I am!" Lemur exclaimed.

Lillian picked up a few papers from the ground and grimaced at their contents. "Oh boy, this one is so random. Did Nautilius like to doodle or something? I don't even understand it. Maybe a child broke in here and played with his papers."
Lemur got from where he was standing and paced over to look at what Lillian had found, and just as he glanced at the page he jumped.
"What is it?" Lillian asked, "Do they need you now!? Please just go help them!!!"
"No it's not that," Lemur replied, "This paper. These words. They're Deviltongue. May I see that?"

Lillian passed the frenzied paper to Lemur and just as it made contact with him, he clutched his head and yelled as if he were in pain. He gripped the paper in his hands tightly and Lillian began to worry. "Lemur! What's happening!? What's wrong!?" Lillian began to tug on the paper and continued, "Just let go of it, come on!!!"
Suddenly, the last tug ripped the paper and Lemur fell backwards. He breathed heavily and Lillian went over to his side.

"Are you alright honey?" Lillian asked with a shaky voice, "What was that about!? Come on, say something!"
"I'm- I'm fine," Lemur replied between breaths, "That paper- I... I think I saw a vision."
"A vision? Can you even do that?"
"Not that I'm aware of."
"Well what was it of?! Maybe I can help you somehow!"

"That paper," Lemur said, "It was Nautilius' final prophecy. He died writing that piece. I experienced his pain, his torment and death."
Lillian quickly threw the paper aside, away from Lemur, and Lemur continued.
"There's something coming. Something big. There was- right there!" Lemur exclaimed as he pointed to the papers.
"Ohhhh no," Lillian said, "you are *not* touching those. Allow me."
Lillian put the two ripped pieces together and shown Lemur its contents again.

"That there! There was snow... and ice. A kingdom stood tall there. One made of ice. It... it was much larger than anything I'd seen. Tall as mountains, and as expansive as the Desert Kingdom."
"A kingdom of ice? You mean the Polar Kingdom?"
"Absolutely not," Lemur replied, "That was not the Polar Kingdom. It was somewhere entirely new... Entirely different."
Lemur grasped onto Lillian's wrists softly and added, "Lillian, this may sound absurd... But... I think I saw a relative. Not Steve, Brine, Herobrine, Sylvia or anyone like that. They looked like me, but it wasn't me. I don't know who it was."

...

**Meanwhile...**

"Vēss, what the Hell was that!?" A man said, whilst sitting on an icy throne.
A voice inside the man's mind spoke gravelly, "It was a vision, but not caused by me... but the other one."
The man grinned and looked into his hands. "Is that so?"
The man got up from his throne and looked through the dome of ice above.
"He lives. He actually lives. Mother had told me of him, but always spoke... melancholically of him. She was sure he died... but... it seems not. But it would've been nice to have gotten a warning first, before you did that... brother."



[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/3) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/5)
