# Chapter 5: Dark Omen
---

"Aaaaalright team! I'm back with the--" Steve started until he met the doorway to Nautilius' room. Inside, Lemur had a look of disbelief with Lillian by his side, comforting him, and Steve simply sighed as he put down the drinks. "What is it now?"

Lillian looked up at Steve with the final prophecy in her hand and Lemur muttered, "Did you know?"

Steve appeared confused and replied, "Know what my boy?"

"Did you know... I had a sibling?" Lemur said as calmly as he could. Steve, upon hearing the news, jumped in bewilderment. "Sibling? What are you talking about?!"

"Lemur, you don't know if that's true," Lillian said.

"I can't explain it Lillian," Lemur replied, "But the feeling I got, the way *he* looked like, he felt like a brother... I am sure he is my brother, and I don't know why I'm so sure."

"But that- that doesn't make sense," Steve interjected, "When you were born, you were all that was left in that house. Your mother, Alex, was gone... presumed dead, and your father-"

"I know what I saw!" Lemur exclaimed.

"Look Steve, I didn't intended this to happen," Lillian added, "We were going to clean more of this while you're gone, to surprise you... but this prophecy, Lemur understood. When he touched the page, he saw some vision. He saw someone that looked like him, is what he says."

Lillian shown Steve the papers Lemur had experienced the event with and squinted at them. He grabbed the papers and rotated them every which way and replied, "This scribbling? My boy saw something from scribbles??? Are you sure this was a prophecy and not something else?"

Lemur stood up and put his hand on his uncle's shoulder, he nodded and replied, "I am positive." Lemur reached towards the papers but Lillian jumped and got between the two. Lillian grabbed the papers from Steve and sat Lemur down again.

"What is it you wanted to see?" Lillian asked.

Lemur glanced at the papers in her hand and replied, "All of it. Uncle, do you have something I can write with?"

"In this room full of papers? Of course," Steve said as he grabbed a charcoal pencil and some paper, "What do you need it for?"

"I'm going to translate all of the Deviltongue in this."

Steve looked startled again, hearing that papers with Deviltongue plaguing them even existed in this house. He simply looked uncomfortable in the setting. Lemur took the charcoal and paper from his hands and began to write down the translations. While he did that, Steve dealt with more of the cleaning, whilst Lillian acted as Lemur's pageturner. It wasn't before long that Lemur had translated the papers and said, "Alright, I think I got it all."

"Well, what did it say?" Lillian asked, intrigued for answers, while Steve simply stood silent in the corner of the room. Lemur lifted the translations and organized them before reading them.

"He was a strong lover,
And she a resourceful bride.
And when they came together,
They gave their blood and died. 

They came from different worlds, 
But found common ground in blood.
And when they were done fighting, 
They left no hope in the snow and mud. 

That dreaded couple have been buried deep, 
And their children carry on. 
The vicious cycle of violence, 
Until the day they're gone."

"Ohhhh boyyy," Lillian said in disbelief, "That *definitely* sounds like a prophecy to me... and not a good one either."

"Sounds like one gearing up for war," Steve said, "That bodes ill."
Lemur simply sat there, taking it all in, reading it over and over again until Lillian put her hand on his shoulder, to which he looked into her eyes.

"The dreaded couple... it could be my mother Alex, and my father, Brine," Lemur started, "But... then their children... I wouldn't want to start a war."

"I know you wouldn't sweetie," Lillian replied, "But you don't even know if that is Brine and Alex in the prophecy."

Lemur rolled his eyes and gave Lillian an 'are you serious' look.

"Ok ok, it's very possible that it is Brine and Alex... but you don't know for sure if such a person exists. And even if they do, they could be dead, or evil, hence the war parts. You don't know them."

"I don't have to know them, in the end, I don't want to fight them," Lemur replied, "If they are my sibling... then perhaps they have the same affliction as me. We could bond and catch up for lost time. Why would we want to kill each other, when we can relate to each other the most?"

"I'm not sure," Lillian answered.

Lemur thought to himself for a moment, while Steve took a sip of water to calm his nerves. Suddenly Lemur glanced at Lillian again and said, "Lillian, please hand me the papers."

"What!? Why would I do that after that event that happened!?"

"Lillian, please. I felt something through it. If I seem to be succumbing to the pain, just take the pages from me. I have to do this."

Lillian crossed her arms and Lemur beckoned some more until Lillian reluctantly handed him the papers. Lemur closed his eyes as he reached to grab them and as he made contact, he grimaced as he heard a shout from nowhere. Lillian tugged the pages after seeing it, but Lemur quickly said, "No, it's not pain, it was unexpected."

"Brother? Is that you?" A voice in Lemur's mind echoed, "How are you doing this!?"

Lemur couldn't believe his ears. The voice he heard called him *brother*.

"Just as I thought," Lemur said out loud, "It's a link. When Nautilius wrote this, he must've written a link to both of us, seeing as we are spoken of in the prophecy!"

"Prophecy? Nautilius? A link? What are you on about?" the voice boomed again. 

Lemur held his head tightly and Lillian began to tug the papers harder and exclaimed, "Alright that's enough Lemur! Drop the pages now!"

"Lemur? So it really is you," The voice boomed again, "I'm Gladius. We have a lot to talk about, but that *woman* seems eager to end our little chat."

"That *woman* is my wife!" Lemur exclaimed.

"Oh. How was I supposed to know? My apologies."

"Lemur, listen, drop the damn prophecy!" Steve exclaimed.

"Oh my, you got a party going on over there?" The voice asked, then laughed at his own joke, "This is painful to keep up, so how about let's meet in person... face to face."

"But how do I find you?!" Lemur exclaimed. Just as he did, Steve and Lillian ripped the prophecy from his hands and the link was severed. Lemur fell backwards and so did Lillian. 

"Just what were you pulling there boy!?" Steve exclaimed, "Don't **ever** do that again!"

Lemur chuckled lightly and Lillian was next to scold.

"Lemur it's not funny! We were genuinely worried!"

Lemur reached out for Lillian and gave her a hug, "I'm sorry, but I wasn't laughing at the situation... His name is Gladius."

"Who?" Lillian and Steve asked.

"That guy I saw, his name is Gladius," Lemur answered, "and... well... he definitely heard you guys too, which is why I laughed."

Lillian grew red in the face and Steve simply walked out of the room. "Alright, I think I've had enough of your magical shenanigans!"

"He said he wanted to meet me... maybe meet us? He sounded pretty nice. I couldn't get his location though, as the link was severed."

"I am absolutely **not** letting you touch this again, you hear me!!" Lillian exclaimed, "just. When you had the vision the first time... when you saw him, where was it?"

Lemur pondered to himself and recalled the scenery around the man he saw and replied, "I'm not sure where on the map... but he was in some sort of castle of ice. It was not the Polar Kingdom, that's all I know, but I don't know where else it is."

"Well," Lillian started, "There's only one other recorded place that's cold enough... and that's north of the desert... but no one ever saw a castle there."

"Perhaps they didn't look hard enough," Lemur replied, just as he turned his head to the ceiling above quickly, "Alright *this time*, I am needed."

Lemur opened the nearby window when Lillian suddenly stopped him. "Lemur wait! You forgot something!"

Lillian got up from her spot and ran over to Lemur to give him a hug and kiss. "Be careful out there, ok?" Lemur smiled, and replied, "Don't worry, I plan to."

Lemur then jumped out the window and sprouted his wings to fly into the clouds above... but questions still filled his brain. Who was Gladius exactly? Where does this castle exist, and more deeply... will he ever meet him in person?


[Previous](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_4_chapters/4) | [Next](https://lemurkolachnik.github.io/Legend-of-Lemur/pages/book_2_chapters/6)
